Open call for Dwell Here 2026 - Announcements - e-flux Subscribe e-flux announcements are emailed press releases for art exhibitions from all over the world. Agenda delivers news from galleries, art spaces, and publications, while Criticism publishes reviews of exhibitions and books. Architecture announcements cover current architecture and design projects, symposia, exhibitions, and publications from all over the world. Film announcements are newsletters about screenings, film festivals, and exhibitions of moving image. Education announces academic employment opportunities, calls for applications, symposia, publications, exhibitions, and educational programs. Sign up to receive information about events organized by e-flux at e-flux Screening Room, Bar Laika, or elsewhere. e-flux Announcements Agenda & Criticism Architecture Film Education Events I have read e-flux’s privacy policy and agree that e-flux may send me announcements to the email address entered above and that my data will be processed for this purpose in accordance with e-flux’s privacy policy* Submit Thank you for your interest in e-flux . Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. e - flux Education Open call for Dwell Here 2026 Subscribe e - flux Subscribe Announcements Criticism Notes Journal Architecture Film Education Books Index Projects Podcasts Shop Events Bar Laika e-flux App Contact About Directory Events Bar Laika e-flux App Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Privacy policy Read Bio Collapse Contact About Privacy policy Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA More Less Category Call for applications Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Related See more related e - flux Education Subscribe Open call for Dwell Here 2026 IMMA — Irish Museum of Modern Art Dwell Here 2026, IMMA Residency Programme, Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin, Ireland. June 19, 2025 Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Open call for Dwell Here 2026 Application deadline: July 22, 2025 IMMA — Irish Museum of Modern Art Kilmainham Royal Hospital, Military Road Dublin
                8 Ireland T +353-1-612 9900 imma.ie Instagram / Facebook IMMA, the Irish Museum of Modern Art, is excited to announce an open call for a second year of Dwell Here residencies for nationwide and internationally based practices. This opportunity welcomes applications across disciplines of the visual arts, design, architecture, curation, and related humanities fields. Successful applicants are supported to undertake independent site-responsive research in addition to contributing to Dwell Here assemblies. All programming, whether for one month or one year, is encouraged to respond to the research themes set out as part of the brief. Dwell Here offers three frameworks to choose from and supports numerous residencies located onsite at IMMA throughout 2026. One Year Residency —studio and accommodation / One Year Studio Residency —studio (no accommodation) / One Month Residency —shared studio access and accommodation. Research Assemblies All Dwell Here programming is structured around seasonal Research Assemblies delivered together as week-long forums with an expanded community of mentors, peers, and fellow residents gathering onsite for communal engagement and interdisciplinary dialogue. Each assembly requires engagement and a willingness to share process-based research with the expanded community participating in each week of programming, the dates of these are: –Spring: Wednesday February 18–Tuesday February 24, 2026 –Summer: Wednesday June 10–Tuesday June 16, 2026 –Autumn: Wednesday September 23–Tuesday September 29, 2026 Research Themes Dwell Here offers participants a simple proposition: to commit to this time and place while thinking deeply about its urgencies. Together we are curious to learn what can be activated or challenged through the process of dwelling. IMMA encourages reflection across the following themes to consider geographical, historical, political, and cultural concepts of Ireland as a starting point to expand and connect international contexts through similarities and differences: Technologies of Peace: We invite participants to consider commemorative landscapes and memories of peace (as a dream, movement, or value) while generating perspectives on sustainable coexistence. The Irish Paradigm: We welcome artistic research that can create intimacy and connections, while celebrating the perceived agility and freedoms of operating on the periphery. As a small island on the edge of Europe, Ireland often has a challenging relationship with “the centre”. The Museum as a Site of Vibration: We wish to consider how the museum and site can create new vibrations and rhythms within the built legacy of empire. How can museums make visible cultural shifts, including erased, censored or marginalised histories, as well as sustainability, planetary care, sharing and hospitality. Assembly engagements may surface as a workshop, a temporary exhibition, a reading group, a walking tour, an open studio, a talk, a site visit, a performance, or other studio related activities with the onsite community and invited guests. In addition to these contributions research assemblies will be informed by: –Methods of presenting self-directed research and studio practice –Discussions and studio visits with mentors, peers, and fellow Dwell Here residents –Interaction with IMMA programming, staff, collections, archives, and site –Off-site visits (local and further afield) –Engagement with Ireland’s arts communities and infrastructures –Informal knowledge exchange synonymous with the residency experience such as co-hospitality, co-working and co-living. For further information on each residency opportunity and to apply online visit the IMMA website . Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Map More from IMMA — Irish Museum of Modern Art June 13, 2025 Sam Gilliam Sewing Fields March 27, 2025 Summer school: Landscape (post) Conflict February 4, 2025 Acquisition of the Paul O’Neill Archive January 30, 2025 Programme highlights 2025 December 5, 2024 Hamad Butt Apprehensions October 28, 2024 David Kronn Photography Collection Donation June 13, 2024 Take a Breath February 20, 2024 Programme 2024 November 30, 2023 Self-Determination: A Global Perspective e - flux 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA About Privacy Policy Institutions e-flux App Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Subscribe e - flux RSVP RSVP for Open call for Dwell Here 2026 IMMA — Irish Museum of Modern Art June 19, 2025 Submit Thank you for your RSVP. IMMA — Irish Museum of Modern Art will be in touch.