Circolo Del Design: Earthrise 25 Residency for Young Designers (Italy) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Circolo Del Design: Earthrise 25 Residency for Young Designers (Italy) Photo courtesy Andrea Ferrari. Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Italy How can design shape democratic practices? How can it contribute to rethinking our way of life in a time of environmental, social, and political transformation? Earthrise 25 – Design for a Living Planet, the annual cultural initiative by Circolo del Design, invites designers to explore the intersection between design and democracy in its 2025 edition, curated by Vera Sacchetti. The exhibition will highlight how democratic systems are designed and how they can be reshaped, engaging audiences in a dialogue on the transformative power of design. One of the projects featured in the exhibition will be developed through the Earthrise 25 Residency, a unique opportunity for a designer to create and experiment within an interdisciplinary context. Under the mentorship of Vera Sacchetti, the selected resident will collaborate with local artisans, experts, and institutions in Turin to produce a project that will be exhibited as part of Earthrise 25 and presented to the public during Turin Contemporary Art Week. The residency is open to designers under 35 with innovative and socially relevant project ideas that align with the theme of this year’s edition. The final output can take multiple forms—objects, installations, editorial products, or other creative expressions—and will be accompanied by a logbook documenting the research and creative process. Residency Details: Phase 1 (14 – 20 June 2025): City exploration and project concept refinement Phase 2 (15 September – 30 October 2025): Mentorship and production 30 October – 2 November 2025: Exhibition opening during Turin Contemporary Art Week Exhibition Duration: 12 June – 5 December 2025 What Circolo del Design Offers: Designer’s fee of 1,500 EUR (VAT included) Travel and accommodation costs for both phases of the residency Public transportation pass Up to 4,000 EUR (VAT included) for project production A dedicated 30 sqm workspace within Circolo del Design Networking opportunities and mentorship from interdisciplinary experts Technical, logistical, and organisational support Deadline: 5 May 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap