Escape to Key West: Artist Residencies | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity escape to key west: artist residencies The Studios of Key West Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: 529 Eaton Street, Key West, United States Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Applied Arts Architecture Curating Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Writing Overview Escape to the Southernmost Point and let Key West inspire your next work. The Studios of Key West, the premier arts organization in the Florida Keys, invites applications to our monthlong residency program for visual artists, writers, musicians, performers, media artists, and interdisciplinary creatives. We host nearly 40 artists annually, offering time, space, and community to imagine new work and engage with the island’s vibrant culture. Our Peyton Evans Artist Residency (PEAR) program is rooted in Key West’s creative spirit and inclusive ethos. Residents are encouraged to draw inspiration from the island’s rich history, its artistic legacy, and its motto: One Human Family. Artists of all backgrounds, identities, and abilities are invited to apply. Residencies run from the 2nd of the month to the last day. Artists are housed in a beautifully renovated guesthouse featuring four private studios (one ADA-accessible), a shared kitchen, and lush courtyard. Applications are accepted through Slideroom and reviewed by panels of working artists and professionals across five categories: Visual Arts, Literary Arts, Media Arts, Musical Arts, and Performing Arts. Our competitive selection process results in an acceptance rate of about 12–13%, based on the quality of work and potential for growth. Applicants are asked to include a proposal for a public offering — such as a workshop, artist talk, or reading — as part of their residency exchange. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post Escape to Key West: Artist Residencies The Studios of Key West Escape to Key West: Artist Residencies The Studios of Key West Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect