Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Finland Platform residency in Vaasa, Finland, invites participants to explore the interconnected ideas of resistance and repair — not as fixed categories, but as evolving, relational practices that shape how we respond to the world around us. To resist is often to repair. It is to hold together what threatens to fall apart, to create continuity in the face of disruption. To repair is also to resist — to reject disposability, to value what has been fractured, to insist that restoration is possible even when perfection is not. The 2026 residency welcomes a wide range of interpretations and encourages cross-disciplinary approaches. This residency is not looking for answers, but for engaged, thoughtful exploration — through making, reflecting, and being in process. The residency asks the artist to give a public talk, performance, workshop or presentation about their work or an introduction to themselves at the beginning of the residency. The residency is looking for artists that can stay up to 3 months, but 1-2 months requests will also be considered. Duos are also welcome to apply. The residency offers accommodation, studio, travel expenses (one return trip, cheapest possible) and a working grant (based on per diem, approximately 300 EUR per week). They also offer a small production budget of 1,000 EUR, which the artist may reimburse by presenting original receipts of purchases, specifically connected to the project produced during the residency. Deadline: 30 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Finland Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Malta Biennale: Call for Artists 2026 (Malta). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap