S+T+ARTS Aqua Motion Residency 2025 (Portugal, Italy, Netherlands, Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. S+T+ARTS Aqua Motion Residency 2025 (Portugal, Italy, Netherlands, Austria) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Portugal , Italy , Netherlands , Austria S+T+ARTS AQUA MOTION invites artists from all disciplines to apply for an interdisciplinary residency programme focused on the future of water in Europe. At a time when water scarcity, pollution, climate change, and biodiversity loss are reshaping societies and ecosystems, AQUA MOTION supports artistic experimentation that engages with these challenges through collaboration with scientists, technologists, local communities, and water experts. This Call for Artists seeks 25 artists to participate in a 9-month Residency, followed by a 4-month Scale-Up programme, hosted across four European regions: Portugal, Italy, the Netherlands, and Austria. Residents are expected to spend a minimum of 5 weeks at the site and region of the residency host / co-hosting partners. Artists must produce a tangible, presentable, art-driven innovative artistic outputs addressing specific regional water management challenges. Artists are also expected to participate at the in-person Residency Kick-off Meeting in Azores, Portugal (1–2 October 2025) and two local events/showcases/exhibitions, one pop-out event in Belgium (these events will be discussed, agreed and co-organised with the Residency Host Institutions) The programme offers the following: 40,000 EUR budget per artist residency, covering artist fees, costs associated with participation in exhibitions and public events, and other relevant expenses necessary for the successful implementation of the residency (including production of artworks or prototypes). Access to specialised resources, technological infrastructure, and facilities provided by the residency host institutions. Participation in an individualised Mentoring Programme. Expert guidance and support within the interdisciplinary 5-Helix structure, enabling artists to collaborate closely with business, academia, government, environment, and civil society representatives. Access to the extensive Europe-wide S+T+ARTS network, including participation in community-building events, workshops, and networking opportunities (both online and in-person). Opportunities to present artistic outcomes at prominent international exhibitions and events, including potential participation at a conference at the Ars Electronica Festival, Venice Biennale, Brussels-based pop-up events, and other high-visibility events. Visibility through high impact communication activities to promote the artistic output and its innovation spillovers. Deadline: 13 June 2025 More info & apply Art & Sciences Collaboration & Networking Environment & Sustainability Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to the Netherlands GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap