STIFF: Call for Works for Exhibition on the Theme ‘Mark’ (Croatia) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work STIFF: Call for Works for Exhibition on the Theme ‘Mark’ (Croatia) Photo: Tanja Kanazir Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Digital / New Media , Performing Arts , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Croatia STIFF (Student International Film Festival) invites artists to apply to a call to participate in the exhibition that is a part of the side programme of this year’s festival, to take place from 27 to 29 November 2025 in Rijeka, Croatia. STIFF is the first Croatian festival entirely dedicated to promoting the artistic creativity of young people. Launched through a partnership between the Filmaktiv Association and the Student Cultural Center in Rijeka, the festival aims to create an international platform for networking and to offer free workshops in the fields of film, visual arts, and curatorial practices. The side programme of STIFF seeks to create a meeting space, an educational context, a space for critical thinking and dialogue with the audience. The exhibition gathers artists from all over the world whose art further analyses, questions, and emphasises the multitude of layers of the thematic focus of the festival. The call is open for art dealing with the theme of ‘mark’, created in various mediums – audiovisual, performance art, participatory work, digital work (GIF, meme, NFT, computer graphics, 3D objects, video games, web sites, apps, digital video), photography, installations, interactive objects and textual works that can be interpreted in a gallery or public space. The organisers invite artists to analyse and consider the concept of a mark in the broadest possible sense – from the processes of leaving and deleting marks in a physical, digital, artistic, cultural, ecological and environmental contexts. Applications are open for all artists, regardless of age or formal education. The festival as the organiser covers the travel expenses , accommodation, and food costs for a selected number of artists who pass the selection process. Deadline: 30 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Croatia Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap