Art in Abstraction |  Maryland Federation of Art I am a Member MFA Blog Home Exhibitions Call for Artists Support the Arts Membership About MFA Contact MFA Home Exhibitions Call for Artists Support the Arts Membership About MFA Contact MFA Art in Abstraction On Display July 8 – August 14, 2025 Notification was made June 12, 2025 Opening Reception will be July 10th, from 5:30 – 7 PM Virtual Awards Ceremony will be July 13th, from 5 – 6 PM via Zoom View Notification Gallery Introducing Art in Abstraction There are a plethora of fascinating things in our world that artists can recreate representationally in their visual voices. However, there are also several ways to express these compelling things through abstraction. By utilizing concepts we are familiar with such as form, color, composition, and so much more, artists can evoke a range of ideas and emotions as abstract art. MFA (Maryland Federation of Art) invites all artists to enter an exhibition that welcomes 2D and 3D abstract work for Maryland Hall’s Earl and Martino Galleries. This exhibition is open to artists residing in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, and Mexico. All eligible fine art entries in any media will be considered by the juror. Selected works will be displayed in this MFA-organized exhibition at Maryland Hall’s Earl and Martino Galleries in Annapolis, MD from July 8 – August 14. Click this icon to view and print the downloadable prospectus. Juror: Tesia Blackburn: Artist, analog and digital, author and teacher Tesia was born in Shreveport, Louisiana, and attended elementary school in Texas, Colorado, Wyoming, Idaho, and Oregon. She went on to attend high school in New Mexico before moving to San Francisco. With over 30 years of experience as a working artist, Tesia has had a diverse and successful career. In 2002, NextMonet Inc. signed her to produce prints of several of her paintings. In 2000, she was hired by Golden Artist Colors as the Golden Working Artist in San Francisco. In 2014, her first book, *Acrylic Painting with Passion*, was published by Northlight Books. Her work is collected both locally and internationally, with patrons as far away as Tokyo. In 2018, her next two books were published and are available on Amazon and through other booksellers. Tesia received her BFA from the Academy of Art in San Francisco, studied lithography at the San Francisco Art Institute, and earned a Master of Arts degree from John F. Kennedy University in Orinda, California. Juror’s Statement To be published with the awards on July 14th. Awards Awards designated by the juror total $1,000. Information for Accepted Artists Exhibition Schedule Exhibition Schedule: Mar 11 Online Entry Opens for Submissions May 14 Entry Deadline Jun 12 Notification @ 5 PM Jun 28 – Early Receiving at Maryland Hall Martino Gallery from 12 – 4 PM Jul 1 – 2 Accepted and Shipped Work Must Arrive at Maryland Hall from 10 AM – 2 PM Jul 8 Exhibition Opens Jul 10 Opening Reception from 5:30 – 7 PM Jul 13 Virtual Awards Ceremony from 3:30 – 4:30 PM via Zoom Aug 14 Last Day of the Exhibition NOTE: Should Maryland Hall or any other exhibition space be closed for reasons beyond our control, MFA reserves the right to move a planned physical exhibit to our online gallery. Delivery and Shipping Delivery All work delivered to the gallery must have the following information affixed to the non-viewing side of the artwork: Artist Name Address, phone number, and email Title of the work, medium, and price. Be specific with medium descriptions (e.g., oil on hardboard or canvas, not oil; chromogenic print or archival inkjet print, not photography or digital print; oil pastel on paper, not pastel; etc.) Work must arrive on scheduled dates. Paintings must be dry. Measure to ensure work meets size limitations before delivery, include outer edges of frames. Work not in compliance will not be exhibited. No exceptions. All shipped work must include a bar-coded shipping label. Do not send by United States Postal Service (USPS). We prefer UPS but accept FedEx. No shipping peanuts allowed. Please affix packing/repacking instructions to OUTSIDE of the shipping box. Tips on shipping can be viewed on the RedDotBlog Pickup and Storage Pickup and Storage Work may not be removed from the exhibition early for any reason. Artists may pick up their work on the specified dates. Unless previous arrangements have been made, work placed in storage after announced pickup dates will be subject to a fine of $10 per piece, per week. Work left in storage longer than two (2) weeks shall become MFA property and may be disposed of, or used for fundraising purposes. There are no exceptions. Liability Liability All work will be handled with all possible care, but pieces submitted for the exhibition are at the artist’s risk. In the event of damage or theft, MFA will not be held liable. If insurance is desired, the artist must carry it. Sales Sales All work entered into any exhibition must be for sale unless prior agreements are made, and marked either with a price or POR for Price On Request. Artists will retain 70% from sales (75% for MFA Members). MFA will retain 30% commission (25% for MFA Members) on any work sold through MFA. The sale of artwork is taxable and all sales tax processing will be handled by MFA. Sold artwork requiring shipment will be handled by MFA with costs collected from the buyer. Buyers will be asked if the work may be retained until the exhibit ends. If the buyer disagrees, the Gallery will let the work go, and the artist will be informed. MFA asks that artists donate 20% from any sale made through a direct referral from MFA within three months. All donations are used to help defray operating costs of the Maryland Federation of Art and are tax-deductible by the artists to the full extent of the law. Notification All entrants will receive notification by email. Accepted artists will also be posted on MFA’s website. Artists who have unsubscribed from MFA emails will not receive notification. The notice to accepted artists will include specific details and could vary from the prospectus. Please set your email account to recognize amani@mdfedart.org and info@mdfedart.org. Contact Circle Gallery if you do not receive notice by 6 PM on the day of notification. 0 Shares Share 118 System’s Gyration , mixed media, Jacob Goldsmith from Art in Abstraction 2025 Thinking about becoming a member? Find out why you should! Main Navigation Home Exhibitions Call for Artists Support the Arts Membership About MFA Contact MFA I am a Member Additional Navigation MFA Blog FAQs MFA General Guidelines Donate Rent the Gallery Artist Art Enthusiast Links Online Sales Archives Join our Mailing List Hours & Info Circle Gallery 18 State Circle Annapolis, MD 21401 info@mdfedart.org (410) 268-4566 open daily 11am-5pm All content on this site is subject to copyright protection and may not be reproduced, copied or otherwise utilized without the express permission from MFA. Website design by Maria Nardini Contact