VARES: Summer Valga Architecture Residency 2025 on ‘Material Purgatory’ (Estonia) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. VARES: Summer Valga Architecture Residency 2025 on ‘Material Purgatory’ (Estonia) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Architecture , Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Estonia Read this call in: Estonian Valga Architecture Residency invites researchers, architects and crafty creators to apply for our summer group residency ‘Material Purgatory: Life after demolition’ to be held at VARES Residency, Estonia, from 7 July to 24 August 2025. The residency focuses on finding new opportunities for retired materials that have been forgotten in the purgatory of the shed for decades. The residency is searching for proposals that ask questions how bits of materials can be (re)used; how and what kind materials should be collected and store; how to adapt existing systems of construction, that would favour the use of local, already existing materials; how to influence aesthetic choices, that would promote used materials over virgin materials; who to lessen material greed and overconsumption in the building industry? The two-month residency is open to proposals that might be spatial interventions, urban installations, in depth material research, mapping of societal and cultural material preferences, documenting people’s material storages etc. The one-month residency will culminate in a public weekend from 22 to 24 August, featuring lectures, seminars, short workshops, walks, and more. The residency expects residents to publicly share their summary or interpretation of the residency period in their preferred format (lecture, publication, exhibition, installation, workshop, performance, open studio etc.). The open call is available for both individuals and groups to apply. The residency offers accommodation and basic workshop options within the residency building, with more specific workshop conditions available in Valga that will be organised according to the residents’ needs. There is a stipend, travel support and a production budget available. Deadline: 12 May 2025 More info & apply Environment & Sustainability Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Estonia GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap