SIT-PLU: 2026–2027 Research Residencies and Context-specific Artistic Interventions (Italy, Netherlands, Spain) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. SIT-PLU: 2026–2027 Research Residencies and Context-specific Artistic Interventions (Italy, Netherlands, Spain) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Spain , Italy , Netherlands Situated Creative Practices for the Pluriverse (SIT-PLU) is a Creative Europe Cooperation project tackling socio-ecological challenges through cross-disciplinary research and context-specific artistic interventions. Drawing on the Zapatista concept of the pluriverse—’a world where many worlds fit’—the project embraces diverse ways of knowing and living, foregrounding buen vivir (social well-being), communal interdependence, and the relationships between human and more-than-human entities. The project includes a programme of residencies (SIT-RES) happening in 2026 and 2027, where artists and creative practitioners selected through the open call will be invited to engage with a specific context (social, geographical, historical) for one year and develop new forms of creative intervention/cultural mediation. The application can be submitted for the following institutions and contexts: Baltan Laboratories (NL) will work with Landpark Assisië in Biezenmortel, a residential environment for approximately 250 people with intellectual disabilities; Lungomare (IT) will engage with the riverscapes in Bolzano; Idensitat (ES) will explore the theme of sacrifice zones, focusing upon neighbourhoods in the metropolitan area near the mouth of the Besos river ZEMOS98 (ES) will collaborate with the MediNat community, a diverse group of citizens debating the consequences of installing massive renewable energy parks in the north of Spain. After the first call, three creative practitioners (for each residency) will be selected for the second phase and be asked to develop a more specific proposal in dialogue with the host institution (deadline 24 August 2025). SIT-RES 2026 starts in January 2026 and SIT-RES 2027 in November 2026.The selected residents will receive an artist fee of 13,500 EUR and a production budget. Each institution details the terms and conditions of each specific residency/context, including the intended role of the artist, payment (including some with assistance for travel) , production budgets and minimum requirements. Deadline: 20 June 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Environment & Sustainability Social Engagement Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Spain Mobility Funding Guide to the Netherlands GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap