National Gallery of Canada: General Idea Fellowship 2025–26 (Canada) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Fellowships The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. National Gallery of Canada: General Idea Fellowship 2025–26 (Canada) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists, Curators, Researchers & Critics Cultural Heritage , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Canada Read this call in: French The National Gallery of Canada’s General Idea Fellowship (to take place in Ottawa, Canada) encourages and supports advanced research in contemporary art. Research will relate to any aspect of contemporary art, including painting, drawing, sculpture, photography, printmaking, artist’s books and multiples, video, installation and other media, and emphasise the use and investigation of the collections of the National Gallery of Canada, including the Art Metropole Collection, the General Idea fonds, the AA Bronson collection, and related materials in the Gallery’s collections. The fellowship is open to art historians, curators, critics, conservators, graduate students and independent and other professionals working in the visual arts or in museology and related disciplines in the humanities and social sciences and is open to international applicants. Each award is limited to a maximum of 15,000 CAD, including expenses and/or a stipend. The term of each award is one calendar year beginning 31 May 2025. Deadline: 4 April 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap