Chroniques: ‘Emerging Creations’ Call for Projects Exploring Digital Practices (France) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Chroniques: ‘Emerging Creations’ Call for Projects Exploring Digital Practices (France) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Digital / New Media , Music & Sound , Performing Arts , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: France Read this call in: French Chroniques is calling for projects for their ‘Emerging Creations’ call, which is intended for artists under 35 years old from all over the world for the production of an original artwork using or questioning digital practices in various possible forms. These forms include visual art (installation, video, immersive installation, and more) live performance, sound creation, virtual or augmented reality, artificial intelligence, and more. With this call for projects, it is also proposed to artists to strengthen their practices and provide them with the support they need to better understand their professional environment. Artworks must be an original work using or questioning digital practices in resonance with the theme of the biennial: ‘Resistance: hacktivism, diversions and artistic tactics in the digital age’. Works in different forms are eligible, such as: Installation and visual art Live performance, hybrid form and performance Live audiovisual Video installation Immersive installation Sound creation Virtual or augmented reality Experimental video game The artworks are also available in an online format Financial contribution will be determined on the basis of a budget estimate worked out with the artist. Depending on the needs of the project, some of the platform’s partners offer support for one or more residencies. The organisers will also provide support during the writing and production phases, connect with specialised technicians, professionalisation support, and help in touring in regional, national and international networks. Deadline: 15 June 2025 More info & apply Technology & New Media Share this call: Share this call: See also: Music Mobility Funding Guide - Focus on Europe Mobility Funding Guide to France Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap