Standard Chartered Weather Photographer of the Year Competition | Royal Meteorological Society Open main menu Home The Competition News Resources The world’s most prestigious weather and climate photography competition © Andy Gray Enter the Competition Standard Chartered Weather Photographer of the Year ENTER NOW Standard Chartered Mobile Weather Photographer of the Year ENTER NOW Standard Chartered Young Weather Photographer of the Year ENTER NOW Standard Chartered Weather Photographer of the Year Climate Award ENTER NOW Prizes Standard Chartered Weather Photographer of the Year The Weather Photographer of the Year category offers a £5,000 cash prize to the best overall photograph showcasing the beauty and power of weather, open to photographers worldwide. Standard Chartered Mobile Weather Photographer of the Year Mobile Weather Photographer of the Year offers a cash prize of £2,500 to the winner, and is for photographs taken on mobile devices like smartphones and tablets. Standard Chartered Young Weather Photographer of the Year Young Weather Photographer of the Year offers a cash prize of £750 and is open to anyone under the age of 18 years old to submit their weather and climate-related photographs. Standard Chartered Climate Award The Climate Award offers a prize of £1,000 to the photograph that best tells a compelling story about climate change and its impacts. Enstries should contain a visual representation of weather and climate change. © Elena Salvai Rules If you're thinking of entering a photograph into the Standard Chartered Weather Photographer of the Year competition, please read the following rules: 1. The competition is free to enter and open to individuals of all abilities. 2. To celebrate the 10th anniversary of the competition, in 2025 we are accepting images taken within the last ten years from the competition closing date – i.e. since 19 June 2015. 3. The Standard Chartered Young Weather Photographer category is open to anyone under the age of 18 on 19 June 2025. Please note that if you are under the age of 13, entries must be submitted by an adult on your behalf. 4. If eligible, photographers are allowed to submit a maximum of five images per category. 5. When submitting a photograph, please provide the highest possible resolution available and provide further detail to tell us more about you and your photograph. We cannot accept entries by email or post. 6. Full terms and conditions for the competition can be found on the Zealous submissions platform, and in the Competition Checklist section below. The Judges Professor Liz Bentley Liz became the Chief Executive at the Royal Meteorological Society in 2013 and has been a judge on the competition since it began. Liz has had a successful career in meteorology working with the Met Office, BBC Weather Centre and the Ministry of Defence after studying a PhD in mathematics at the University of Manchester. Kevin Thomas Kevin is a former meteorologist and weather forecaster, having recently retired from the BBC following 12 years as a radio weather presenter covering Devon and Cornwall. A long career preceded this as a forecaster and oceanographer in the Royal Navy and Royal Navy Reserve. Serving at sea around the globe with a keen eye on weather led to a deep respect for the natural world and its power. Dan Green Dan is the editor of The Week Junior Science+Nature, the award-winning monthly magazine for smart and curious 8-15 year-olds. He was the winner of the British Society of Magazine Editor’s Launch Editor of the Year (2019). Dan is passionate about science communication and bringing STEM subjects to life for young readers. He is also a writer of bestselling non-fiction books, with over 50 titles to his name. ITV Weather As some of the UK’s foremost experts in meteorology with years of experience in forecasting and reporting weather, ITV Weather understand the intricate details and nuances that make a weather photograph truly exceptional. As a trusted authority in weather analysis, the team at ITV Weather ensure that the judging process is comprehensive, and the winning photos capture the essence of meteorological beauty. ASM Rezaur Rahman Reza is the Curator and General Manager of Drik, an independent media organisation in Bangladesh. He is also the Executive Director for Chobi Mela, International Festival of Photography. An Arthink South Asia Fellow, Reza teaches ‘Curatorial Practice’ at Pathshala South Asian Media Institute, Dhaka. Recently he has been the Contest Coordinator for the Asia Jury at the World Press Photo Contest 2024. Wilf Matos Wilf is a former science teacher who took his love of science, passion for communication and interest in photography into the picture world. With a 24-year career across both sides of the industry, he is currently the Associate Picture Editor on The Week Junior Science+Nature, the award-winning monthly magazine for smart and curious 8-15 year-olds. Coming up More judges to be announced soon! Our Supporters We're thrilled to have the support of our sponsor, Standard Chartered and our media partners, who share our passion for capturing the beauty and impact of weather and climate through the lens. Standard Chartered The Royal Meteorological Society joined forces with Standard Chartered to increase the global reach and profile of the competition to tell the climate story that sits behind every photo submitted. Weather Photographer is so much more than just the competition, RMetS and Standard Chartered are united in the mission to raise awareness globally of the impact of our changing climate and the threat posed by extreme weather events. The Week Junior Science+Nature We are proud that ‘The Week Junior Science+Nature’ will continue supporting the youth category as a media partner this year. The Week Junior Science+Nature takes 8-15 year-olds on amazing voyages of discovery around the world. FIND OUT MORE Fun Kids We're delighted to welcome Fun Kids as a media partner this year. Fun Kids is the UK's children's radio station. Packed full of songs, amazing facts and plenty of interaction, Fun Kids is radio that's way too good for grown-ups. Get Fun Kids on your DAB radio, via the free Fun Kids mobile app, online, on your smart speaker – just say 'play Fun Kids'. You can also check out their incredible free podcasts, including Fun Kids Science Weekly, Fun Kids Book Worms and Story Quest, to entertain discerning young ears. FIND OUT MORE My Modern Met We're pleased to have the support of My Modern Met for the 2025 competition! My Modern Met was formed in May 2008 to create one big city that celebrates creativity. Their mission is to promote a positive culture by spotlighting the best sides of humanity - from the lighthearted and fun to the thought-provoking and enlightening. Today, millions of visitors visit their site each month, looking for articles on art, design, photography, architecture, science, technology, environmental issues, and more. FIND OUT MORE ITV Weather ITV Weather brings its knowledge and expertise to the judging panel of this competition. As some of the UK's foremost experts in meteorology, garnering years of experience in forecasting and reporting weather, ITV Weather understands the intricate details and nuances that make a weather photograph truly exceptional. As a trusted authority in weather analysis, the team at ITV Weather provide valuable insights, ensuring that the judging process is comprehensive, and the winning photographs capture the essence of meteorological beauty. FIND OUT MORE Competition Checklist Ready to dive in? Check out our handy list of next steps below: Read Terms and Conditions Have a look at our blogs to get some hints and tips When you are ready to enter, chose one of the four categories above (Weather Photographer of the Year, Mobile Weather Photographer of the Year, Young Weather Photographer of the Year, or Climate Award) Vote for your favourite photo when the public vote opens on 18 September Follow us for the results announced on 30 October: Instagram , Facebook , LinkedIn Subscribe to the Weather Photographer of the Year newsletter for competition updates, weather photography tips, and stunning imagery (sign up form at the bottom of home page ) Spread the word with friends, family and your community! Press and Media Membership RMetS Shop Job Board MetMatters MetLink Our Partnership with Standard Chartered RMetS is a registered charity No. 208222 Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy and payments Net Zero Pledge