ZKM | Hertz-Lab / SWR Experimentalstudio: Giga-Hertz Production Awards 2025 (Germany) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Competitions & Awards / Residencies ZKM | Hertz-Lab / SWR Experimentalstudio: Giga-Hertz Production Awards 2025 (Germany) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Music & Sound Destination countries: Germany Read this call in: German The Giga-Hertz Prize for electronic music and sound art has been awarded by ZKM | Karlsruhe and the SWR Experimentalstudio since 2007. The award ceremony will happen during the Giga-Hertz Festival 2025, 20-22 November. Two Production Awards, each with a prize of 5,000 EUR, are available for composers, sound artists, and artist-researchers working in electronic and electroacoustic music. There is also the PopExperimental Production Award, which recognises cross-genre work at the interface of electronic music, experimental aesthetics and popular music trends. This year, the prize is being offered as a production prize for the first time. Depending on the production award, applicants (individuals or collectives) must submit one composition (maximum five years old) or an EP / Album / work (not older than three years) and a proposal for a not-yet-realised work lasting up to 20 minutes. Excerpts of the two prize-winning compositions will be performed by composers during the award ceremony. The organisers encourage work proposals aligning with the theme of ‘Fellow Futures’, critically engaging with listening politics and amplifying voices that challenge linear, exclusionary narratives. The awarded project will be produced at ZKM I Hertzlab (Karlsruhe, Germany) or SWR Experimentalstudio (Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany) and will premiere at ZKM I KUBUS in 2026. The production residency lasts three weeks at the SWR Experimentalstudio and four weeks at ZKM I Hertzlab. The production award of 5,000 EUR is intended to fully compensate for travel, accommodation, artist fees, material costs and performance costs. Deadline: 1 July 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap