Residency – FAQ – Belgrade Art Studio Residency Skip to content About Residency FAQ Apply GRAND Studio PETIT studio Residents Contact/Location News Projects in Belgrade Online Residency About Artists Projects ArtLAb About Virtual Art Lab Open Calls Residency – FAQ Homepage > Residency – FAQ Eligibility guidelines Who can apply? Residency is open to all emerging and established artists, curators and researchers or couples over the age of 18 with no limitation on artistic discipline or nationality. Please note: ■ Artists may apply more than once every calendar year. ■ Alumni are also encouraged to apply ■ Participants are expected to be able to communicate effectively in English. ■ Due to the historic nature of our facilities, we regret that Belgrade art studio is not handicapped accessible at the present time. ■ Couples may apply together. If they are accepted, they will share the studio and facilities. ■ Every participant can bring along one family member or partner that will pay the second person fee, as well as a pet, free of charge. Selection criteria Applications are reviewed by an art committee according to the following criteria: ■  Clarity of artistic vision as articulated in the artist statement and work samples ■  Persuasive evidence that the applicant is committed in purpose and practice ■  Clear evidence that the artist works at a professional level in his/her field ■  Willingness to work in a dynamic environment that encourages interaction with the community Residency expectations To enrich the artist’s experience, it is expected that each resident will use every available opportunity, to build community and friendship, and to exchange ideas and experiences. ■  Work and living space must be properly maintained and left in the same condition in which it was found. ■  It is expected that each participant will conduct his or herself with a high level of professionalism while in residence. ■  All equipment and materials are the responsibility of the artist. ■  There is a fee for any overnight guests, based on availability. Prior approval is required. Non-discrimination policy Belgrade Art Studio encourages artists from all backgrounds to apply. The organization does not discriminate against anyone on the basis of age, race, sex, gender identity, religion, disability, marital status, sexual orientation or national origin in its admission policies or in access to its activities. Please note that due to the historic nature of our facilities, we regret that the Belgrade Art Studio is not handicap accessible at the present time. Fees For more information, contact us at residency@belgradeartstudio.com Fellowship / Financial Aid Package / Funding Guide FELLOWSHIP We offer one fellowship per year to artists and creatives of outstanding talent. A fellowship covers the full cost for a week. (travel not included). Portfolios and manuscripts are reviewed by a panel of professionals. Applicants will be notified as to the status of their applications 3 weeks after their application. Only artists who have completed the financial assistance section of the online application will be considered for fellowship. You must submit this information at the time of application. FINANCIAL AID PACKAGE Our financial aid package covers up to a maximum of 40% of the cost of a residency in GRAND Studio (the total amount of our aid packages varies based on financial situation and the country applicants come from. Applicants coming from undeveloped countries can get 30% to full 40% off, others can receive up to 20% financial aid package). Also, there is a budget PETIT studio perfect for WRITERS, CURATORS, THINKER, PHOTOGRAPHERS, DESIGNERS who do not require a separate spacious studio. Only artists who have completed the financial assistance section of the online application will be considered for financial aid package. You must submit this information at the time of application. FUNDING GUIDE Belgrade Art Studio project is a non-profit institution self organized by artists for artists. All participants are expected to make some financial contribution to their experience. To cover the participation costs for the residence program we advice you to get funding. The source of this collection of information is www.transartists.org . We thank this platform for its amazing work to support cultural and artistic projects. Submission guidlines Fill out BELGRADE ART STUDIO residency Online APPLICATION FORM including: Personal data , Motivation – no more than 500 words, Current Resume (listing past exhibitions, residencies, and related experiences) an Artist statement – no more than 500words (describing your current projects and artistic process) 5 images of work (Images should be sized no larger than 5MB each) along with a list of work stating title, material,dimensions, date in pdf  format or links to 3 videos of current work (5 minutes in length or less). Writers should submit 2 writing samples of no more than 1,500 words Researchers should submit their research proposal of no more than 1,500 along with an abstract no more than 200 words preference for time of residency (please list 3 options) Residencies range from 3weeks to 6 months an artist photo NO APPLICATION FEE REQUIRED Submission of applications are only accepted through online form Deadline: Rolling – the 1st of each month Notification of Acceptance: You will be notified via email up to 2 weeks after the application. Subscribe to our newsletter and stay updated Subscribe! Follow Belgrade Art Studio News Interview –  Mariam Maqsood – Belgrade Art Studio Online Residency 19 Dec 2023 Interview – Lina Tonev – Belgrade Art Studio Online Residency 17 Dec 2023 ... all news Instagram Feed Bosis 2017 © Belgrade Art Studio | Theme by Cyber Team