2025-2026 Sculpture on Loan Program | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity 2025-2026 sculpture on loan program The City of Westminster Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Sculpture Visual Arts Public Art Overview In its ninth year, the City of Westminster's Sculpture on Loan Program provides an opportunity for the community to learn about and enjoy art displayed in the Vicky Bunsen Sculpture Garden Park and as part of the Downtown Westminster Art Walk. The Sculpture on Loan Program provides an opportunity for artists to prominently display their artwork in unique areas of the City for the public to enjoy. To further the community's goals related to art and culture, the City of Westminster has made significant investments in the both Historic Westminster and Downtown Westminster. These areas have received investments in park amenities, marketing, and community events. The City markets the areas through the delivery of events designed to attract both local and regional attention which include the Summer Block Party, Arts Week, Art a la Carte, local community artisan festivals, summer history tours, and monthly art walks. Artists wishing to have their sculpture(s) installed and displayed in these venues should review the following requirements and submit an application along with the requested supplemental materials. Up to fourteen sculptures will be selected for display during the 2025-2026 Sculpture on Loan Program. Artists may submit more than one application. Applications for the Sculpture on Loan Program will be reviewed by the City's Cultural Affairs staff and members of the city's Art Selection Panel with respect to materials, overall presentation, aesthetic quality of the artwork, craftsmanship, appropriateness of the artwork, maintenance requirements, and financial considerations. Additional review and input will be provided by the community at community events and through online engagement methods. Artwork Requirements: Sculptures should be garden size or larger with a minimum of 3 feet in one dimension. The artwork must be designed and fabricated for long-term outdoor durability and ease of maintenance, including strong winds. Acceptable materials include metal, stone, or similarly durable material; wood will not be accepted. Sculptures taller than 12 feet will need a certified engineer stamp of approval to be considered for installation in a public area. Artwork must be able to be welded or bolted to a metal display base, bolted to a concrete pad, or bolted to a sidewalk. Display Requirements: The selected Artwork shall be on display for the duration of the 2025-2026 Sculpture on Loan Program period which is late May/early June 2025 through late May/early June 2026. If the Artwork is removed (through sale or other reasons), a sculpture of equal or greater value, created by the Artist and approved by Cultural Affairs staff, shall be installed within 7 days of the original sculpture being removed. The Artist will be required to complete a signed Agreement and secure appropriate documentation and insurance for the replacement Artwork. Sales: All Artworks must be available for purchase. Sales will be encouraged to further the efforts of the artists and to stimulate acquisition of original art by patrons and the public. Marketing: The displayed works will be regionally promoted through the use of print and digital platforms. The artist understands and agrees that these marketing methods shall be used for the period that the Artwork is on display. The displayed Artwork will also be promoted through events in Historic and Downtown Westminster. Calendar of Important Dates: Late May - Installation - Dates and times TBD Late May/Early June 2025 through early May 2026 - Marketing and Promotion Mid/Late May 2026 - Deinstallation of Artwork Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post 2025-2026 Sculpture on Loan Program The City of Westminster 2025-2026 Sculpture on Loan Program The City of Westminster Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect