French Institutes for Advanced Study Fellowship Programme 2026–2027 (France) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Fellowships French Institutes for Advanced Study Fellowship Programme 2026–2027 (France) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists, Researchers & Critics Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: France The French Institutes for Advanced Study Fellowship Programme offers 10-month fellowships at the seven Institutes of Aix-Marseille, Cergy, Loire Valley (Orléans-Tours), Lyon, Montpellier, Nantes and Paris. It welcomes applications from high-level international scholars and scientists to develop their innovative research projects in France. For the 2026-2027 academic year, FIAS offers 28 fellowship positions: 7 in Aix Marseille, 3 in Cergy, 2 in Loire Valley (Orléans-Tours), 3 in Lyon, 2 in Montpellier, 4 in Nantes and 7 in Paris. The FIAS Fellowship Programme is open to all disciplines in the Social Sciences and the Humanities (SSH) and to all other research fields interfacing with the SSH. Specifically, Iméra, the Institute for Advanced Study (IAS) of Aix Marseille Université, welcomes Artists fellows with PhD within its Arts and Sciences: Indiscipline Knowledge programme. FIAS Fellows will benefit from the support and stimulating scientific environment offered by the IAS, characterised by a multidisciplinary cohort of fellows and strong connections to local research centres and laboratories. They will be free to organise their work and conduct research according to their own priorities and interests. FIAS awards fellowships to outstanding researchers of all career levels, from postdoctoral researchers to senior scientists. The minimum requirement is a PhD + 2 years of research experience at the time of the application (PhD training period will not be considered in the calculation of experience). Researchers from all countries are eligible to the FIAS Fellowship Programme but they must have spent no more than 12 months in France during the three years prior to the application deadline. FIAS fellowships offer the following conditions: A net living allowance (equivalent to take-home pay) of 2,200 EUR per month Two flexible contractual options, considering individual situations: work contracts or paid leave Adequate social security coverage Accommodation or support for relocation An individual research and training budget equivalent to 2,500 EUR per year Travel expenses (one round trip from the fellow home country) Same working conditions as the IAS’ other fellows, including individual offices, special access and lending privileges in university-based research libraries, IT services, multiple collective spaces Skills training opportunities Deadline: 16 July 2025 More info & apply Education & Training Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to France Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap