REAKTOR: Potenziale 2025 for Site-Specific Art (Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Commissions & Tenders The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. REAKTOR: Potenziale 2025 for Site-Specific Art (Austria) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Austria REAKTOR is seeking works and mindsets that strongly reference the present moment, making them candidates for timeless presence in the 7th edition of Potenziale, in Vienna, Austria. For this edition, the open call is specifically for projects designed for the garden, inviting works that engage with the space in a meaningful way. The open call is addressed mainly to artists from Central European countries, encouraging perspectives that reflect the region’s unique cultural and historical contexts. A key element to consider is the fence separating the garden from an adjacent construction site—projects should thoughtfully respond to or integrate this boundary into their conceptual approach. Project development phase is expected to be undertaken from June to July with the implementation and installation in August 2025. A budget of up to 3,500 EUR and technical support from the REAKTOR production team is granted. Travel expenses and board and lodging will be paid separately by REAKTOR. Deadline: 30 April 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Site-responsive Work Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap