Creation Residency in Visual Arts with Grant — Fondation Grantham Fondation Grantham Accueil Home La Fondation Programmation publique Bourses et résidences Lauréat·e·s Médiation Publications Faire un don The Foundation Public Programming Grants and Residencies Winners Education Publications Make a Donation Contact Contact FR EN Retour Mission et lieu Équipe Partenaires et collaborateurs Retour Expositions solo et collectives Activités Capsules vidéo Jardins sans murs Retour Résidence de création en arts visuels avec bourse Résidence de recherche en arts visuels avec bourse Résidence de création/recherche en architecture avec bourse Prix Horizons nouveaux Retour Création en arts visuels Recherche en arts visuels Création et recherche en architecture Horizons nouveaux Retour Groupes scolaires Groupes d'aîné·e·s Autres groupes Retour Cahiers et autres publications Capsules art et environnement Couverture médiatique Rapports d'activités Retour Donner Remerciements Retour Mission and Venue Team Partners and Contributors Retour Solo and Group Exhibitions Activities Video Capsules Gardens Without Walls Retour Creation Residency in Visual Arts with Grant Research Residency in Visual Arts with Grant Creation and Research Residency in Architecture with Grant New Horizons Prize Retour Creation Research Creation and Research in Architecture New Horizons Retour Education and Awareness Activities Retour Cahiers and Other Publications Media Coverage Activity Reports Retour Donate Thank You Accueil Home La Fondation Mission et lieu Équipe Partenaires et collaborateurs Programmation publique Expositions solo et collectives Activités Capsules vidéo Jardins sans murs Bourses et résidences Résidence de création en arts visuels avec bourse Résidence de recherche en arts visuels avec bourse Résidence de création/recherche en architecture avec bourse Prix Horizons nouveaux Lauréat·e·s Création en arts visuels Recherche en arts visuels Création et recherche en architecture Horizons nouveaux Médiation Groupes scolaires Groupes d'aîné·e·s Autres groupes Publications Cahiers et autres publications Capsules art et environnement Couverture médiatique Rapports d'activités Faire un don Donner Remerciements The Foundation Mission and Venue Team Partners and Contributors Public Programming Solo and Group Exhibitions Activities Video Capsules Gardens Without Walls Grants and Residencies Creation Residency in Visual Arts with Grant Research Residency in Visual Arts with Grant Creation and Research Residency in Architecture with Grant New Horizons Prize Winners Creation Research Creation and Research in Architecture New Horizons Education Education and Awareness Activities Publications Cahiers and Other Publications Media Coverage Activity Reports Make a Donation Donate Thank You Fondation Grantham Contact Contact FR EN Creation Residency in Visual Arts with Grant On the recommendation of its committee of experts, the Foundation awards a CA$10,000 grant with a four-week residency to an artist who has achieved recognition in the visual arts. Call for Projects The Foundation’s residency program runs over an approximately 12-month cycle. It includes a four-week stay at the Foundation dedicated to research, two artist presentations designed for a school audience, and a production grant. The program aims to culminate—subject to grants being obtained—in a solo exhibition presented at the Foundation, accompanied by a publication and public programs. The initial stay offers the artist in residence the opportunity to develop a research project on the Foundation’s premises, as well as to build ties with the various communities of the Centre-du-Québec, a predominantly French-speaking region. Two professional meetings are planned: one with the Foundation’s education team, to discuss the artist’s presentations for school audiences; and the other with a professional in the arts or environment, selected by the Foundation on the basis of the proposed project. Following the initial stay, the artist in residence and the Grantham Foundation will develop an exhibition project. The artist agrees to work with the Foundation’s team and to participate in the search for funding. Any production resulting from work undertaken at the Foundation must mention the Foundation’s support. Through its long-term commitment, the Foundation wishes to provide meaningful support for the development and dissemination of thoughtful, innovative projects whose subject, materials or process reflects the importance of the aesthetic and global issues related to the environment in the Anthropocene age. While not required to do so, the Grantham Foundation encourages artists to propose projects inspired by the specifics of the environment in which the Foundation is located. Eligibility The program is intended for artists in the visual arts who reside in Quebec, elsewhere in Canada or abroad, have a minimum of five years of professional practice. The projects submitted must be in keeping with the Grantham Foundation’s mission and objectives. Visual arts are defined as practices recognized as such professionally—photography, installation, sculpture, painting, graphic art, performance—as well as sound art, digital and media practices. Duos are eligible, with the same conditions offered. Please note that artists coming from abroad are responsible for completing the administrative procedures required to allow them to enter Canada and remain in Quebec for the duration of their stay. Endowment In addition to being hosted by the Foundation, the residency consists of a CA$10,000 grant, which includes a living allowance, a residence fee, a fee for the educational activities, and a production grant. The Foundation also provides logistical and administrative support for putting together grant applications and producing the exhibition. An additional lump sum of no more than CA$500 is provided to cover a portion of the travel expenses of artists whose place of residence is located beyond a radius of 500 km from Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham. Residency location The Foundation is located next to a small river, in a wooded area on the edge of a forest, in the francophone municipality of Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham, some 100 km east of Montreal. A living space, workspace and exhibition space all at once, it was designed to foster an all-season dialogue between the indoor spaces and the outside surroundings. The interior has an open floor plan, with a bed and a kitchen that can be hidden away. Residents have access to the wooded area, the river and the adjacent forest. Site-specific work is permitted, even encouraged, but it must be carried out with a sense of respect for the integrity of the place. No objects may be permanently installed inside or outside the Foundation. To find out more about the location, click here . Length of stay and dates Research-driven stay, for four continuous weeks. Exact dates to be established in consultation with the artist. Presentation of application Applicants must present: a presentation page with artist's name and contact details (email, postal address and phone number) their artist statement (1 page maximum) the concept of the project, specifying its relevance relative to the Foundation’s mission, as well as a desired schedule for the stay (1 page maximum) an overview of expected results (1 page maximum) a curriculum vitae (3 pages maximum) a visual portfolio (10 images or 5 web links with full captions and credits) a press review (5 pages maximum) Documents must be assembled in this order in a single PDF (maximum 1 Gb). The file must be submitted by WeTransfer to projets@fondationgrantham.org . An acknowledgment of receipt is sent within two working days following reception of the file. Only complete applications that comply with these guidelines will be considered by the selection committee. Selection process The Foundation’s committee of experts acts as selection committee. All applicants receive a response once the selection process is complete, no later than September 13, 2025. Assessment criteria Overall quality of the application Relevance and originality of the proposed project relative to the Foundation’s mandate Project potential relative to the Foundation’s mediation activities Feasibility of the project Recevoir notre infolettre Prénom Nom de famille Email Address Inscrivez-vous Merci ! La Fondation Heures d’ouverture : Jeudi au dimanche – 11 h à 17 h 1411, rue Blanchard Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham (Québec) J0C 1K0 1 (819) 395-5640 info@fondationgrantham.org Nous suivre Nos partenaires Receive our newsletter Prénom Nom de famille Email Address Subscribe Thank you! The Foundation Schedule: Thursday to Sunday  –  11 a.m. to 5 p.m. 1411, rue Blanchard Saint-Edmond-de-Grantham (Québec) J0C 1K0 1 (819) 395-5640 info@fondationgrantham.org Follow us Our Partners La Fondation Grantham pour l’art et l’environnement reconnaît qu’elle est située sur le territoire ancestral non cédé de la Nation W8banaki. Elle lui rend hommage et s’engage à promouvoir la voix et les valeurs que la Nation défend depuis des temps immémoriaux. Le contenu de ce site internet est protégé par le droit d’auteur. Toute reproduction est interdite. © 2024 Fondation Grantham pour l’art et l’environnement The Grantham Foundation for the Arts and the Environment recognizes that it is located on the unceded ancestral territory of the W8banaki Nation. It pays tribute to the W8banaki Nation and is committed to promoting the voice and values that the Nation has upheld since time immemorial. The content of this web site is copyrighted. Any reproduction is strictly forbidden. © 2025 Grantham Foundation for the Arts and the Environment