Commission: Public Art Commission: Artist Expression of Interest Call Out Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Commission Public Art Commission: Artist Expression of Interest Call Out Updated: 19 June 2025 The commissioned public art will support the regeneration of Hastings, East Sussex, Town Centre by enhancing placemaking, aligning with public realm improvements, and reflecting the area’s identity and heritage, inspired by the benefits of bringing nature and biodiversity into urban areas. To deliver the project a max. budget of £90,000 is available. Eligibility : This opportunity is open to: Individual artists or artist collectives who can provide evidence of previous relevant experience creating art in the public realm - (artist collectives must provide evidence of working together previously) Artists from any discipline or background who can meet the brief creatively and professionally. What you get : The chosen artist(s) will collaborate with ARUP, a global leader in sustainable design. To deliver the project a max. budget of £90,000 is available, this must include all Artist(s) fees, production costs, third party fabricators, installation, all expenses, and VAT. A payment schedule will be agreed with the appointed artist. Organiser: Hastings Museum and Art Gallery, Hastings, East Sussex, UK Locations: United Kingdom Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025