Artist Grants for Training and Regional Events | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity artist grants for training and regional events Arab Fund for Arts and Culture Deadline: Jun. 13, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 13, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Grant / Stipend Fees: No Artistic fields: Applied Arts Architecture Curating Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Writing Overview AFAC’s Training and Regional Events grant supports training and workshops in the different cultural and artistic fields, archive and documentation platforms, in addition to residencies, symposiums, forums, and festivals (multidisciplinary, music, film, performing arts, visual arts, and literature). AFAC grants are intended for project production, including research and development phases. They may cover project-related expenses, including but not limited to materials, space or equipment rentals, and fees for artistic and technical labor and collaboration. An artist or institutional fee of not more than 30% of the total grant amount is also an allowable expense. If you are hesitant about how this works, you can always contact us with questions before submitting your final budget. AFAC does not offer mobility grants, but travel expenses that are part of a project’s implementation and/or research may be covered by the grant. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post Artist Grants for Training and Regional Events Arab Fund for Arts and Culture Artist Grants for Training and Regional Events Arab Fund for Arts and Culture Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect