Pier-2 Art Center Artist-in-Residence Programme 2026 (Taiwan) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Pier-2 Art Center Artist-in-Residence Programme 2026 (Taiwan) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Taiwan Read this call in: Chinese Pier-2 Artist-in-Residence Programme (PAIR) welcomes innovative, interdisciplinary, and experimental artists from Taiwan and abroad, with the aim of creating a global platform for cultural and artistic exchange through residency and collaboration with creative minds from around the world. Situated in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, near the Port of Kaohsiung and the Love River estuary, the Pier-2 Art Center is a settlement-style arts hub transformed from former warehouse clusters. It is well-known for its diversity, openness, experimentation, and innovation, encompassing a wide range of artistic expressions, including visual arts, music, theatre, cultural and creative industries, film, television, and more. This opportunity is available to artists and artistic groups of all nationalities who have at least two years of experience in art creation. (Student artists should at least possess a bachelor’s degree.) Benefits: Studio and living space Art exchange area and opportunities One round-trip economy class flight ticket or one round-trip reserved seat ticket for the high-speed rail, depending on the artist’s place of residence Per person (group) a daily living allowance of 800 NTD Material fees (with the amount determined based on the nature of the residency plan.) Each artist will be assigned a project manager to provide assistance with residency matters. Deadline: 20 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Taiwan Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap