South International Series Fest Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (2) Submit South International Series Fest (3) Deadlines 01 Apr 2025 Call for entries 01 Jun 2025 Festival closed 15 Aug 2025 Notification date 12 Sep 2025 17 Sep 2025 Address C. Plocia, s/n, 11006, Cádiz, Cádiz, Spain Festival description Serie Short film festival Feature film festival Script / Pitch projects Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Genres Any Theme Does NOT have submission fees International Festival Physical Location Production date: Any Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films Feature Films Any language Any language Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 3) Festival start: 12 September 2025     
							Festival end: 17 September 2025 South International Series Festival A festival for professionals of the audiovisual sector and for the public, in an exceptional location such as the city of Cadiz, which had an incredible success in last year's edition. 70 premieres of fiction and non-fiction series, as well as presentations of projects and trends for the upcoming season. The public will have the opportunity to interact on the carpet with the protagonists of their favorite series and will also be able to enjoy a side program with a multitude of activities. The International connection will be developed through different actions and activities that will promote the synergy between creators from all over the world. Prizes and qualifications Rules Only those series that accept the rules stipulated by its management and have duly completed the corresponding registration form may participate in the Festival. The Festival is a sample of first chapters of Series, Docuseries, New Unscripted Formats of more than 2 chapters. The sections in which projects can be registered are: - Official Fiction Section: Fiction series not premiered in Spain with at least 2 chapters available (min 30 min per chapter) or 4 chapters available (min 15 min per chapter). - Official Non-Fiction Section: Docuseries, new factual or unscripted formats not released in Spain with more than 2 chapters. Can I submit a film? No, the Festival only accepts entries for series. Can I enter a series of short chapters? In the official Fiction and Non-Fiction sections, yes, as long as at least 4 chapters of at least 15 min. or 2 chapters of at least 30 min. are available. Can I submit a project in development? Only projects in development can be submitted in the South Boost section. If you have a project in development, from another section, it cannot be entered, but you can contact us to present it at the Festival in other parallel Industry sections. Can I submit a series of any nationality? Yes, the Festival has an international character, so series from all over the world can be selected. Coming next: Short Films																							 >15'																																		 30'< No Fee Submissions deadline 01 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit International premiere for the major players in the sector to present their new bets for 2024. Coming next will bring to Cadiz the great national and international novelties and will welcome producers and platforms so that they can premiere their series in an ad-hoc festival. The presentations of the series will feature their teams, protagonists of each day on the red carpet and actions with the media. UNSCRIPTED Short and Feature Films																							 >15' No Fee Submissions deadline 01 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit New formats and docuseries are the new stars of the platforms. This section will include premieres and presentations of the new documentary, factual, unscripted and new formats in the sector. Highlights of the new trends in the audiovisual chapter with a Cast&Crew presence and Première treatment. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy