Woman Made Gallery Submission Manager Skip to Main Content Home View Your
                        Submissions × You attempted to access a category that has expired and is no longer available. ABOUT JURIED EXHIBITIONS Woman Made Gallery (WMG) hosts juried exhibitions that explore a wide variety of themes connecting women-identified and nonbinary artists while fostering dialogue within contemporary feminism and social justice. These exhibitions provide opportunities for emerging and established artists to showcase their work in a professional setting and engage with broader artistic and activist communities. THEMATIC DEVELOPMENT AND JURY PROCESS The WMG Programming Committee—composed of WMG staff, Board members, and volunteers—identifies initial themes and potential jurors for each exhibition. Themes are designed to reflect current social, political, and cultural conversations while ensuring inclusivity and relevance to WMG’s mission. Once a juror is selected, WMG collaborates with them to refine the exhibition theme and develop a curatorial vision. Jurors are accomplished artists, curators, scholars, or arts professionals with expertise related to the exhibition’s focus. They review and select works based on artistic excellence, conceptual strength, and alignment with the theme. Some of WMG's Jurors include: Janet Bloch, Whitney Bradshaw, Pamela Callahan, Cat Chow, Melanee Cooper, Amy Galpin, Malika Jackson, Indira Freitas Johnson, Sam Kirk, Mia Lopez, Dolores Mercado, Brenda Oelbaum, Kimberly Oliva, Priscilla Otani, Joyce Owens, Kymberly N. Pinder, Faith Ringgold, Lynne Warren, Juana Williams, and Zg Gallery, among others. Current and archived exhibitions are viewable ONLINE . ELIGIBILITY Woman Made Gallery is a space for women and non-binary artists, including trans women and femme/feminine-identifying genderqueer and non-binary artists. We welcome art from our local community, regionally based, and around the world. No work may exceed 6’ horizontally or be over 75 pounds in weight unless delivered and picked up by the artist. WMG will refuse receipt of art that is heavier than 75 pounds. Artworks must be delivered to the gallery “ready to exhibit.” Technology and/or works requiring special instructions will be organized upon acceptance. SUBMISSION FEE For the current fiscal year, the submission fee for WMG juried exhibitions is $30, with an increased fee of $35 for submissions received by the extended entry due date. Beginning for exhibitions hosted in the 2026 fiscal year (July 1, 2025 – June 30, 2026), all entries will require a $35 submission fee, regardless of the deadline. Each artist may submit only one entry, which must include a single artwork; however, up to three artworks may be considered per entry. Payment of the submission fee does not guarantee selection for exhibition. All entry fees are non-refundable. Members at the Enhanced Artist Level and above receive one free entry annually. Please email general@womanmade.org to receive your one-time code for free entry redemption. WMG offers 30 fee waivers reserved for BIPOC and/or LGBTQIA+ artists. If you can not afford the entry fee and are a BIPOC and/or an LGBTQIA+ artist, reach out to us at general@womanmade.org with the subject line "Fee Waiver" and we will respond with a fee waiver within 48 hours. Please note that artists may request up to three fee-waivers per fiscal year (between July 1 and June 30). TERMS OF EXHIBITION Terms of exhibition will be distributed for agreement to all accepted artists upon acceptance notification. Terms of exhibition include exhibition schedule, shipping and delivery, installation requirements, insurance disclaimer, art sales and commissions, right of reproduction of digital files and images, website and publicity requirements, among others. For details on terms of exhibition, please review details for each call for art or email general@womanmade.org with questions. Facebook | Instagram | BlueSky Small Works Members Show 2025 Ends on Guidelines for Small Works Members Show 2025 Guidelines Submit Work to Small Works Members Show 2025 ENTRY DUE DATE: October 16, 2025 EXHIBITION DATES: November 22 – December 20, 2025 Woman Made Gallery, 1332 S. Halsted St., Chicago, IL + online Woman Made Gallery (WMG) invites current members to submit their work for our Annual Small Works Members Show , a vibrant group exhibition celebrating original, handmade works across diverse mediums. All work must be created by the submitting artist and for sale! WHO CAN SUBMIT Open to current WMG members (all genders welcome). Work must be original and handcrafted by the submitting artist. Not a member yet? Join or renew by October 16, 2025 . ARTWORK GUIDELINES Size Limit: Each piece must be 20 inches or smaller on the longest side. Price Limit: All work must be for sale and priced $400 or less . How Many: Submit 3 artworks . One work is guaranteed to be included. New Media: Submit a short (.mp4 or URL under 10 minutes). (Please note that video work in this exhibition is difficult to sell.) IMPORTANT DATES Final Entry Due Date : Thursday, October 16, 2025 | 11:59 PM CST Notifications : Thursday. October 25, 2025 Exhibition Dates: November 22–December 20, 2025 Opening Reception : Saturday, Nov. 22, 4–7 PM Members / Volunteers Appreciation Party: Saturday, December 6, 2–4 PM Closing Reception : Saturday, Dec. 20, 2–4 PM In Person Art Delivery 1: Saturday, Nov. 8, 4–5 PM | Sunday, Nov. 9, 12–5 PM In Person Art Delivery 2: Thursday, November 13, 12–5 PM Shipped Art Due at WMG By : Thursday, November 13, 12–5 PM In-Person Pick Up #1 : Saturday, December 20, 2025 | 4–5 PM In-Person Pick Up #2 : Sunday. December 21, 2025 | 12–5 PM In-Person Pick Up #3 : Saturday, January 3, 2026 | 12–5 PM Art Ship Out: Unsold artworks will be shipped for return to artists by Friday, January 9, 2026. SALES + COMMISSION All work must be for sale . WMG retains 40% commission on sales. Artists are paid within 30 days of show closing. Collectors may take work upon purchase. OTHER DETAILS No entry fee (but membership must be current). Work will be shown salon-style (gallery provides standard hanging tools). Artists must supply special hardware or supports if needed. Shipping costs to/from WMG are the artist’s responsibility. Deadline to submit a prepaid return label for unsold art: December 21, 2025. Art not picked up by January 17, 2026 becomes property of WMG for fundraising. REQUIRED WITH YOUR SUBMISSION 3 artworks (1 guaranteed inclusion) Brief Artist Statement (≤200 words) Brief Artist Bio (≤200 words) QUESTIONS? general@womanmade.org | (312) 738-0400 | womanmade.org The Small Works Members Show 2025 will be on display at Woman Made Gallery, 1332 S. Halsted St. , Chicago, IL 60607 and on its website. My Abortion: My Choice Ends on Guidelines for My Abortion: My Choice Guidelines Submit Work to My Abortion: My Choice Dear Friend: In response to the US Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade and in conjunction with the Jan/Feb 2023 group exhibition, ROE 2.0, Woman Made Gallery is asking for your voice by sharing your abortion story. This is an on-going project and there is no entry due date. We'll exhibit the stories as they come in, and we feature them on WMG's website. We know that there are dozens of reasons why abortions are necessary and it is never a decision taken lightly. “It was the right decision for me and for the children I already gave birth to.” “I was not ready to be a mother.” “I got my life back.” “It allowed me to complete my education.” “I was able to leave my bad relationship.” “It secured my future.” “It saved my life.” “It was medically and mentally necessary.” “I did not want to be pregnant.” Whatever the reasons, the most outrageous part of all of this, is that half of the population has been told that they no longer have rights over their own body and that they are now 2nd class citizens. When I had my abortion, I could not be more unprepared. I was using contraception. yet I accidentally became pregnant. I had no job and I had just been admitted to the School of the Art Institute of Chicago to receive my Master’s degree which made a tremendous difference in my life and my career, receiving the credentials necessary to teach. There are a thousand stories. I had pretty much forgotten mine, pushed it aside. When it was over, I moved on, taught college Art, exhibited my work, and promoted other Women artists. Even if you have not had an abortion, you know someone who has. You may have driven them to the appointment. You may remember the feelings of that day and many years afterward. We are soliciting those personal stories now not to exceed more than 500 words. You may sign your name or stay anonymous. With your permission, your story together with others is shared on WMG’s Website . You have a choice to sign your name, or to be anonymous and your identity will be omitted. There is no entry fee to submit your story. By clicking the checkbox in this application, you accept and agree to the Acknowledgment and Grant of Permission. If you do not agree to the Acknowledgment and Grant of Permission, you should not submit your experience to Woman Made for the Online Project: My Abortion: My Choice. Regards, Marcia Grubb Lifetime WMG Member | Past President of Woman Made Gallery Keywords: Roe v. Wade, Reproductive Rights, Pro-Choice, Feminism, Feminist, My Body, My Choice, Planned Parenthood, Abortion Is Healthcare, Womens Rights Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict  | A Virtual Exhibition Ends on $15.00 $15.00 Guidelines for Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict  | A Virtual Exhibition Guidelines Submit Work to Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict  | A Virtual Exhibition Woman Made Gallery (WMG) is seeking entries for Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict, a virtual group exhibition open to women and non-binary artists. Virtual Platform The exhibition will be hosted online and accessible worldwide. WMG will actively promote the exhibiting artists and their work by creating a dynamic, immersive virtual gallery with space for artist statements and viewer engagement via social media. Accessibility and Inclusion Submissions in multiple languages are welcome. If you need assistance with formatting or translation, please contact us at general@womanmade.org. We are committed to making this exhibition inclusive, accessible, and reflective of a global artistic community. Artists may submit up to three works plus an artist statement related to the exhibition theme. ALL accepted works with statements will be viewable online. EXHIBITION DESCRIPTION In a world increasingly shaped by political unrest, censorship, and global crises, artists are often confronted with a critical question: What is my responsibility in the face of conflict? Must art speak truth to power—or is silence also a choice? “Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict” is a virtual group exhibition that explores the tensions artists face when navigating their creative practice in politically charged environments. The title plays on the dual meaning of “drawing”—as both a visual act and a metaphor for tracing boundaries, beliefs, or courage. We invite women and non-binary artists from around the world to submit work that confronts, reflects on, or challenges political realities—whether global or deeply personal. Submissions may explore war, migration, censorship, social justice, protest, surveillance, gender-based oppression, or the quiet defiance of everyday survival. We are especially interested in works that wrestle with the dilemma of making art in a time of unrest: how to act, what to say, and what it means to resist. This virtual exhibition welcomes all mediums , including but not limited to: painting, drawing, collage, printmaking, photography, sculpture (documented virtually), digital art, video, performance (video or audio), and written word (poetry, short text, or manifesto). Artists may submit up to three works per entry . All submissions must clearly relate to the exhibition theme. WMG's Program Committee will select the works which will be presented in an online gallery alongside artist statements to offer context and deepen audience engagement. Please include a short artist statement (100–250 words) for each work submitted. Your statement should explain how your piece relates to the exhibition theme of political conflict, resistance, or the artist’s role in times of unrest. Share what inspired the work and how you see it engaging with activism, dissent, or personal/political struggle. The statement will appear alongside your work in the virtual exhibition to provide context and deepen viewer understanding. This virtual exhibition is open to artwork in all media that has not been previously exhibited at WMG. IMPORTANT DATES VIRTUAL EXHIBITION DATES : August 16–November 15, 2025 ENTRY DUE DATE: Thursday, July 10, 2025 @ 11:59 PM CST NOTIFICATIONS: Saturday, July 19, 2025 ENTRY FEE $15. Only one submission may be entered per artist. Each submission may include 1 to 3 artworks. Artists are guaranteed one inclusion if the work addresses the theme of the show. Entry fee is non-refundable. ELIGIBILITY Woman Made Gallery is a space for women and non-binary artists, including trans women and femme/feminine-identifying genderqueer artists. This exhibit is open to artists from the local, national, and international communities. Drawing Resistance: The Artist’s Dilemma in Political Conflict will be an on-line only exhibition, viewable on Woman Made Gallery’s website and social media channels. Please note:  "Woman Made reserves the right to refuse entries that do not comply with the entry requirements. ART SALES Accepted work may be listed for sale, though it is not required. Sales and shipping arrangements are the responsibility of the artists. WMG will not take a commission for any sales. WHAT IS NOT ACCEPTABLE While this exhibition encourages bold expression and critical engagement with political themes, submissions must uphold standards of respect and responsibility. Artwork that incites violence, promotes hate speech, or targets individuals with slander or malicious intent will not be accepted. Gratuitously graphic content without clear artistic or political context, cultural appropriation without thoughtful engagement, and plagiarism are also grounds for exclusion. Keywords: Drawing Resistance, Political Art, Art and Activism, Women Artists, Non-Binary Artists, Protest Art, Social Justice Art, Virtual Exhibition, Call for Art, Art in Conflict, Art as Resistance, Contemporary Feminist Art 8th Midwest Open Ends on $35.00 $35.00 Guidelines for 8th Midwest Open Guidelines Submit Work to 8th Midwest Open The Midwest Open is an annual exhibition at WMG that highlights the achievements of women and nonbinary artists living in the American Midwest. According to the United States Census Bureau , the 12 states in the Midwest include Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, and South Dakota. The exhibition encourages artists to expand their materials, push the boundaries of medium and texture, and explore innovative approaches. It seeks the most provocative work each artist has to offer, fostering a Midwest exhibition that challenges perspectives, sparks dialogue, and leaves a lasting impact. Artists may submit up to three works in any visual medium, provided they have not been previously shown at Woman Made Gallery. Cash prizes are awarded to three artists in the exhibition, as designated by the juror. Awards: 1st place: $300 | 2nd place: $200 | 3rd place: $100 | 4th place: Honorable Mention About the Juror: Kimberly Oliva (b. 1978, Chicago) is a Chicago-based Midwest curator. She received her Bachelor of Art degree from Loyola University in 2001. She is the owner of Oliva Gallery and has curated over 150 interdisciplinary exhibitions. In 2019, Oliva Gallery exhibited at SOFA, and in June 2025, it will be presenting at Door County Contemporary. Kimberly is the founder of the Mozart Park Mural Program and co-chair of Mozart Park, Chicago Park District.Kimberly focuses on established Midwest artists and has been immersed in the art scene for over two decades. For more information, visit https://www.olivagallery.com . The exhibition will be held from August 30 to September 27, 2025 at Woman Made Gallery, 1332 S. Halsted St., Chicago, IL 60607. Calendar Exhibition Dates: August 30 - September 27, 2025 Opening Reception: Saturday, August 30 from 4 to 7 PM CST Artist Walkthrough: Saturday, September 27 from 2 to 4 PM CST First Entry Due Date: June 20 | 11:59 PM CST (entry fee: $35) Final Entry Due Date: June 27 | 11:59 PM CST Notification: July 18, 2025 Entry Fee *The entry fee is $35 per entry. Each entry requires a minimum of one artwork, though up to three artworks may be considered per submission. Entry fees are non-refundable. Members at the Enhanced Artist Level ($100) and above receive one free entry annually. Please email general@womanmade.org to receive your one-time code for free entry redemption. WMG offers up to 30 fee waivers per exhibition. To acknowledge the historic inequities of wealth distribution, they are mainly reserved for ALAANA/BIPOC and/or LGBTQIA+. If you require a fee waiver simply email us explaining your need and we will assist you. Please email WMG at general@womanmade.org to request a fee-waiver. Eligibility Woman Made Gallery is a space for women and nonbinary artists, including trans women and femme/feminine-identifying genderqueer artists. We welcome art from women and non-binary artists from our local community, regionally based, and around the world. Due to wall size restrictions, artworks must be no larger than 6’ horizontally and under 75 pounds in weight, unless delivered to and picked up from our gallery by the artist. Artists may be additionally responsible for the installation of oversized works. New media artworks are eligible. To be considered, artists must submit a sample .mp4 or URL under 10 mins for purposes of consideration. For exhibition, WMG requires a digital transfer (Google Drive, Vimeo downloads, WeTransfer) as well as a USB formatted in .mp4 file format delivered to the gallery. WMG can provide a limited number of screens and projectors with basic speakers. All other new media needs are the responsibility of the artist. Art Sales Accepted work may be listed for sale or be not for sale (NFS). WMG will retain a 40% commission on sold works. Work remains the property of the artist until sold. Sold artworks shall remain in the exhibition until the end of the exhibition. Artists will be paid no later than 30 days after the close of the exhibit. Artists may donate any portion of their commission to WMG. Terms of Exhibition An artist contract with full terms of the exhibition will be administered at the time of acceptance notification. Artists need to retrieve their work by the date noted in the artist contract or make alternate arrangements. WMG is unable to store work beyond the pick-up date. Artists may donate their art to WMG's fundraising efforts if unable to pick it up. WMG is happy to talk through preparations, offer advice, and recommend resources as requested. Finding My Way Ends on $20.00 $20.00 Guidelines for Finding My Way Guidelines Submit Work to Finding My Way Exhibition Description: This Call is open to undergraduate and graduate students currently enrolled in a university in Illinois, as well as students who have graduated in Spring 2025. Woman Made Gallery invites artists to submit work for Finding My Way , an exhibition exploring the profound transformations that shape our lives—particularly the journey from childhood to adulthood. Through this theme, we seek artwork that captures the physical, emotional, and psychological changes that define these formative years. How do we navigate the path of growing up? What moments of loss, growth, and self-discovery shape who we become? We encourage submissions that reflect on personal or collective experiences of transition, whether through memory, identity, relationships, or the challenges of finding one’s place in the world. All mediums are welcome. We look forward to seeing how you interpret Finding My Way . About the Jurors: Corinne Pompéy (b. 2000) is a fine art photographer based in Chicago, IL. She holds a Bachelor of Art in Photography from Columbia College Chicago. Her work explores themes of identity, feminist issues, and body image, with a particular focus on the intersectionality of womanhood and the Black experience. Through her photography and self-portraiture, Pompéy explores the complexity of social, cultural, and personal narratives, using visual storytelling to engage with broader societal issues. Pompéy’s work has been exhibited at EXPO Chicago (11th Edition), the Black Creativity Juried Art Exhibition in the Museum of Science and Industry, Bridgeport Art Center, and Woman Made Gallery. She is currently the Program Coordinator at Woman Made Gallery. Diana Vallera is a faculty member in the Photography Department of Columbia College Chicago. her subjects are wide ranging including the exploration of body and form and work on the construction of ideal gender roles. Vallera's exhibition, "Women, Work, and Gender Roles", explores the history of these roles and how women have challenged the confines. She is an active supporter of labor and human rights. Calendar First Entry Due Date: August 8, 2025, 11:59 PM Extended Due Date: August 15, 11:59 PM Exhibition Dates: October 11–November 8, 2025 Opening Reception: Saturday, Oct. 11, 2025 | 4–7 PM Artist Walkthrough: Saturday, November 8, 2025 | 2–4 PM Notification: August 29, 2025 Entry Fee The entry fee is $20. Each entry requires a minimum of one artwork, though up to three artworks may be considered per submission. Entry fees are non-refundable. Woman Made Gallery Members at the Enhanced Artist Level ($100) and above receive one free entry annually. Please email general@womanmade.org to receive your one-time code for free entry redemption. Eligibility This open call is open to undergraduate and graduate students currently enrolled in a university in Illinois, as well as students whose graduation date is in May 2025. Woman Made Gallery is a space for women and nonbinary artists, including trans women and femme/feminine-identifying genderqueer artists. We welcome art from women and non-binary artists from our local community, regionally based, and around the world. Due to wall size restrictions, artworks must be no larger than 6’ horizontally and under 75 pounds in weight, unless delivered to and picked up from our gallery by the artist. Artists may be additionally responsible for the installation of oversized works. New media artworks are eligible. To be considered, artists must submit a sample .mp4 or URL under 10 mins for purposes of consideration. For exhibition, WMG requires a digital transfer (Google Drive, Vimeo downloads, WeTransfer) as well as a USB formatted in .mp4 file format delivered to the gallery. WMG can provide a limited number of screens and projectors with basic speakers. All other new media needs are the responsibility of the artist. Art Sales Accepted work may be listed for sale or be not for sale (NFS). WMG will retain a 40% commission on sold works. Work remains the property of the artist until sold. Sold artworks shall remain in the exhibition until the end of the exhibition. Artists will be paid no later than 30 days after the close of the exhibit. Artists may donate any portion of their commission to WMG. Terms of Exhibition An artist contract with full terms of the exhibition will be administered at the time of acceptance notification. Artists need to retrieve their work by the date noted in the artist contract or make alternate arrangements. WMG is unable to store work beyond the pick-up date. Artists may donate their art to WMG's fundraising efforts if unable to pick it up. WMG is happy to talk through preparations, offer advice, and recommend resources as requested. Technical Help | Privacy Policy