UP/ROOTING: School of Common Knowledge at Museo Reina Sofía and MACBA - Announcements - e-flux Subscribe e-flux announcements are emailed press releases for art exhibitions from all over the world. Agenda delivers news from galleries, art spaces, and publications, while Criticism publishes reviews of exhibitions and books. Architecture announcements cover current architecture and design projects, symposia, exhibitions, and publications from all over the world. Film announcements are newsletters about screenings, film festivals, and exhibitions of moving image. Education announces academic employment opportunities, calls for applications, symposia, publications, exhibitions, and educational programs. Sign up to receive information about events organized by e-flux at e-flux Screening Room, Bar Laika, or elsewhere. e-flux Announcements Agenda & Criticism Architecture Film Education Events I have read e-flux’s privacy policy and agree that e-flux may send me announcements to the email address entered above and that my data will be processed for this purpose in accordance with e-flux’s privacy policy* Submit Thank you for your interest in e-flux . Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. e - flux Education UP/ROOTING: School of Common Knowledge at Museo Reina Sofía and MACBA Subscribe e - flux Subscribe Announcements Criticism Notes Journal Architecture Film Education Books Index Projects Podcasts Shop Events Bar Laika e-flux App Contact About Directory Events Bar Laika e-flux App Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Privacy policy Read Bio Collapse Contact About Privacy policy Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA More Less Category Education Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Related See more related e - flux Education Subscribe UP/ROOTING: School of Common Knowledge at Museo Reina Sofía and MACBA L’Internationale Online School of Common Knowledge, Zagreb and Ljubljana, 2024. Photo: Vanja Babic. June 4, 2025 Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! UP/ROOTING: School of Common Knowledge at Museo Reina Sofía and MACBA November 11–16, 2025 Application deadline: June 27, 12am internationaleonline.org Instagram Museo Reina Sofía and MACBA Museu d’Art Contemporani de Barcelona (MACBA) invite applications for the 2025 iteration of the School of Common Knowledge, which will take place from November 11 to 16 in Madrid and Barcelona. The School of Common Knowledge (SCK) draws on the network, knowledge and experience of L’Internationale , a confederation of museums, art organizations and universities that strives to reimagine and practice internationalism, solidarity and communality within the cultural field. This year, the SCK program focuses on the contested and dynamic notions of rooting and uprooting in the framework of present—colonial, migrant, situated, and ecological—complexities. Building on the legacy of the Glossary of Common Knowledge and the current European program Museum of the Commons , the SCK invites participants to reflect on the power of language to shape our understanding of art and society through a co-learning methodology. Its ambition is to be both nomadic and situated, looking at specific cultural and geopolitical situations while exploring their relations and interdependencies with the rest of the world. In the current context fraught with war and genocide, the criminalization of migration and hyper-identitarianism, concepts such as un/belonging become unstable and in need of collective rethinking: How can we reframe the sense and practice of belonging away from reductive nationalist paradigms or the violence of displacement? How to critically hold the entanglement of the colonial routes and the cultural roots we are part of? What do we do with the toxic legacies we inherit? And with the emancipatory genealogies and practices that we choose to align with? Can a renewed practice of belonging and coalition-making through affinity be part of a process of dis/identification? What geographies —cultural, artistic, political— do these practices of de/centering, up/rooting, un/belonging and dis/alignment designate? Departing from these questions, the program consists of a series of visits to situated initiatives (including Museo Situado , Paisanaje and MACBA’s Kitchen , to name a few), engagements with the exhibitions and projects on view ( Project a Black Planet: The Art and Culture of Panafrica ) , a keynote lecture by Stefano Harney and Fred Moten , as well as daily reading and discussion gatherings, editorial harvest sessions, and conviviality moments. How to participate To participate, please submit a short motivation letter (500 words max.), together with your biography and contact details by June 27 . Applications must be sent as one PDF file to this email: sck@macba.cat . Successful applicants will be informed by July 9 . Contribution A contribution of 300 EUR per participant will cover the travel from Madrid to Barcelona during the program and most of the meals. Inbound travel to Madrid and return travel from Barcelona, as well as the accommodation in both cities, will need to be covered by applicants themselves. Visit internationaleonline.org for more information . Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! More from L’Internationale Online April 17, 2025 Collective study: upcoming public programmes September 20, 2024 The Climate Forum II and III April 8, 2024 Updated research and publishing platform December 21, 2022 Glossary of Common Knowledge, vol. II publication December 7, 2022 Preparing to Exit: Art, Interventionism and the 1990s October 14, 2022 Performing Collections September 19, 2022 Climate: Our Right to Breathe March 1, 2022 Never again war! December 14, 2021 Architectural Dissonances e - flux 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA About Privacy Policy Institutions e-flux App Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Subscribe e - flux RSVP RSVP for UP/ROOTING: School of Common Knowledge at Museo Reina Sofía L’Internationale Online June 4, 2025 Submit Thank you for your RSVP. L’Internationale Online will be in touch.