Mecal Pro,  27th Barcelona International Short and Animation Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (1) Submit Mecal Pro, 27º Festival Internacional De Cortometrajes Y Animación De Barcelona (27) Mecal Pro,  27th Barcelona International Short and Animation Film Festival Deadlines 19 Jul 2024 Call for entries 06 Oct 2024 Early deadline 02 Feb 2025 Standard deadline 31 Mar 2025 Late deadline 15 Apr 2025 Festival closed 14 Jun 2025 Notification date 26 Jun 2025 06 Jul 2025 Address C/ Llull 105, Bajos, 08005, Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain Festival description Short film festival 30'< qualifying festival Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location January 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  30'< Languages Spanish 
														                			English Subtitles English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 27) Festival start: 26 June 2025     
							Festival end: 06 July 2025 Mecal Pro, the Barcelona International Short and Animation Film Festival, will celebrate its 27th edition. The long history of MECAL PRO has consolidated it as one of the most important short film festivals in Europe and the world, thus receiving the support of local, national and international institutions. We have screened in 2024 more than 300 short films in 29 sections that we program. Mecal is strongly committed to promoting the exhibition and dissemination of audiovisual creations in the short format, not only with the public, but also in having creators and distributors meet through different activities. Mecal is also devoted to foster emerging talent, by holding events and awards specially aimed at young creators. In this sense, it also works as a short film dissemination network, organising screenings both at a national and an international level, collaborating with festivals, embassies, and institutions around the world. Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 1,000€ 1.	International Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the International Competition. ●	Awarded by the International Jury to the best short film of the international selection, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 2.	Animation Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the Animation Jury for the best short film in the Animation section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 3.	Oblique Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Oblique Competition ●	Awarded by the Oblique Jury for the best short film in the oblique section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 4.	Documentary Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Documentary Competition ●	Awarded by the Documentary Jury for the best short film in the documentary section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 5.	Videolab Award for the Best Spanish production ●	Awarded by the International Jury 6.	Moonlight Award for the Best Spanish Fiction ●	Awarded by the Oblique Jury 7.	ALMA Award for the Best Spanish Script ●	Awarded by a jury composed of members of ALMA (Spanish Screenwriters Guild) 8.      Oblique Filmin Award ● Awarded by the Oblique Jury for the best short film in the oblique section, this prize includes the distribution in Spain of the short film over the Internet (through the FILMIN community) valued at 500 euros for 90 days. 9.	Young Jury Award for the Best Short Film of the Oblique Competition ●	Awarded by the Young Jury 10.	Audience Award for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the audience 11.	El Periódico de Catalunya Audience award for the Best Short Film of the Documentary Competition ●	Awarded by the audience 12. Animation Students Award for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the Animation Students jury 13. Prix de la Critique ●	Awarded by a jury composed of members of ACCEC (Catalan Film Critics and Writers Association) 14. Avisual Pro Award for the most innovative short film of the Barcelona Film Schools ●	Awarded by the audience 15. Plançó Award for the best short film of the Catalan Animation Schools ●	Awarded by the audience 16. Shorts TV Award ●	Awarded by the Shorts TV jury Rules MECAL PRO, XXVII Barcelona International Short and Animation Film Festival June - July 2025 info@mecalbcn.org www.mecalbcn.org ABOUT THE FESTIVAL Mecal Pro, the Barcelona International Short and Animation Film Festival, will celebrate its 27th edition this year. The long history of MECAL PRO has consolidated it as one of the most important short film festivals in Europe and the world, thus receiving the support of local, national and international institutions. Mecal is strongly committed to promoting the exhibition and promotion of audiovisual creations in the short format, not only with the audiences, but also in having creators and distributors meet through different activities. Mecal is also devoted to fostering emerging talent, by holding events and awards specially aimed at young creators. In this sense, it also works as a short film promotional network, organising screenings both at a national and an international level, and collaborating with other festivals, embassies, and institutions around the world. Submission Timeline Entries open Jul 2024 The deadline for submissions is March 2025 The Official Selection will be announced in Jun 2025 Mecal Pro takes place takes in June-July 2025 SUBMISSION GUIDELINES: Eligibility 1. The contestants can submit as many works as they wish, as long as they have been produced after 1st January 2023. 2. There are no restrictions regarding the topic or genre of the films, but they cannot exceed 30 min runtime. 3. Any works containing dialogue must be presented with English subtitles. Those works whose original version is in English do not require subtitles, but the dialogue list will be required in case they are selected. Selection The festival has four official competing sections (Fiction, Animation, Oblique and Documentary) and several non-competing parallel sections. The selection committee will decide in which section the selected works will be featured and will communicate this decision to their submitters. Regulations 1.- The selected works will be screened in front of an audience during the festival according to a calendar that will be set beforehand by the festival board. 2-. The Festival will ensure proper screening conditions for all selected works. Therefore, the screening copies of the selected films must be in MP4 or .MOV with a 1920x1080 resolution H.264 codec, 20 mbps (minimum), STEREO (avoid 5.1) or DCP. 3- The screening copies should preferably be sent online, via an FTP server, or a file transfer service such as Filemail, WeTransfer, MyAirBridge, etc. 4. In the event of a regular shipment (only with the festival’s approval), the shipping costs will be covered by the participants, and the return costs will be paid by the Festival. The Festival will take due care of the works. In case of loss or damage, the organisation will only take responsibility for the cost of the copy. 5. The Festival is fully authorized to publish printed material of the selected works, as well as a short extract of the film (1 minute at the most) to promote the Festival on its website, social networks and the Media. 6. The Festival can hold in a copy of the selected works, always guaranteeing the author’s royalties and its intellectual property rights. Being selected for Mecal Pro implies being part of the Festival diffusion network, which promotes screenings of the films in different Cultural Circles such as Mecal Air. 7. The selected short films will participate, if they wish, in the online edition of Mecal Pro, through the online film streaming platform Filmin. The films will be available to stream on the aforementioned platform during the festival dates, exclusively within Spanish territory, and accessible only to festival and daily pass holders. Awards: The Festival’s Direction Board will be in charge of selecting the jury, which will be made up of renowned professionals of the audiovisual industry (with the exception of the audience award): 1.	International Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the International Competition. ●	Awarded by the International Jury to the best short film of the international selection, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 2.	Animation Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the Animation Jury for the best short film in the Animation section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 3.	Oblique Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Oblique Competition ●	Awarded by the Oblique Jury for the best short film in the oblique section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 4.	Documentary Grand Prix for the Best Short Film of the Documentary Competition ●	Awarded by the Documentary Jury for the best short film in the documentary section, endowed with 1000 euros. This jury will also designate a second and third prize that will complete the podium in this category. 5.	Videolab Award for the Best Spanish production ●	Awarded by the International Jury 6.	Moonlight Award for the Best Spanish Fiction ●	Awarded by the Oblique Jury 7.	ALMA Award for the Best Spanish Script ●	Awarded by a jury composed of members of ALMA (Spanish Screenwriters Guild) 8.      Oblique Filmin Award ● Awarded by the Oblique Jury for the best short film in the oblique section, this prize includes the distribution in Spain of the short film over the Internet (through the FILMIN community) valued at 500 euros for 90 days. 9.	Young Jury Award for the Best Short Film of the Oblique Competition ●	Awarded by the Young Jury 10.	Audience Award for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the audience 11.	El Periódico de Catalunya Audience award for the Best Short Film of the Documentary Competition ●	Awarded by the audience 12. Animation Students Award for the Best Short Film of the Animation Competition ●	Awarded by the Animation Students jury 13. Prix de la Critique ●	Awarded by a jury composed of members of ACCEC (Catalan Film Critics and Writers Association) 14. Avisual Pro Award for the most innovative short film of the Barcelona Film Schools ●	Awarded by the audience 15. Plançó Award for the best short film of the Catalan Animation Schools ●	Awarded by the audience 16. Shorts TV Award ●	Awarded by the Shorts TV jury The judges reserve the right to declare void any of the above mentioned prizes. They can also award special mentions which are not specified in these entry conditions. Cash awards will become effective in the figure of the owner of the short film’s rights. The Organisation reserves the right to change the name of the awards and to increase their number and amount – anytime, up to a week before the beginning of the festival, in which case the participants will be informed. Awards names may change due to new sponsors. Submitting for competition implies the full acceptance of the entry requirements stated in this document. Competition Short Films																																		 30'< Fee Early 10€ 06 Oct 24 Standard 15€ 02 Feb 25 Late 18€ 31 Mar 25 Extended 18€ 15 Apr 25 Submissions deadline 15 Apr 25 Submit Animation, Fiction, Oblique, Documentary. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy