CCL Fellowship - Announcements - e-flux Subscribe e-flux announcements are emailed press releases for art exhibitions from all over the world. Agenda delivers news from galleries, art spaces, and publications, while Criticism publishes reviews of exhibitions and books. Architecture announcements cover current architecture and design projects, symposia, exhibitions, and publications from all over the world. Film announcements are newsletters about screenings, film festivals, and exhibitions of moving image. Education announces academic employment opportunities, calls for applications, symposia, publications, exhibitions, and educational programs. Sign up to receive information about events organized by e-flux at e-flux Screening Room, Bar Laika, or elsewhere. e-flux Announcements Agenda & Criticism Architecture Film Education Events I have read e-flux’s privacy policy and agree that e-flux may send me announcements to the email address entered above and that my data will be processed for this purpose in accordance with e-flux’s privacy policy* Submit Thank you for your interest in e-flux . Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. e - flux Education CCL Fellowship Subscribe e - flux Subscribe Announcements Criticism Notes Journal Architecture Film Education Books Index Projects Podcasts Shop Events Bar Laika e-flux App Contact About Directory Events Bar Laika e-flux App Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Privacy policy Read Bio Collapse Contact About Privacy policy Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA More Less Category Fellowship Subject Curating Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Related See more related e - flux Education Subscribe CCL Fellowship Center for Curatorial Leadership Courtesy of the Center for Curatorial Leadership. Photo: Konrad Wazny. May 23, 2025 Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! CCL Fellowship Application deadline: June 30, 2025 Center for Curatorial Leadership 174 East 80th Street New York
                10075 USA T +1 646 405 8067 info@cclcurators.org www.curatorialleadership.org Instagram The Center for Curatorial Leadership (CCL) is accepting applications for the 2026 CCL Fellowship , open to full-time senior and/or established curators working in art museums in North America and abroad. The program offers leadership training for art museum curators from all art historical specialties, with rigorous instruction from Columbia Business School faculty and one-on-one mentoring with directors and trustees from major museums across the world. CCL looks for inspired individuals with an established record of curatorial achievement, creative and entrepreneurial thinking, advancing equity, and leadership experience. Up to twelve applicants are accepted each year. Program schedule The program extends from January to May or June and includes the following segments: –A two-week intensive program in New York City from January 4–16, 2026 –A five-day residency in March or April with a museum director –A one-week program in May or June, to be determined following the selection of the 2026 class Curriculum CCL carefully crafts a program that integrates theoretical presentations with practical application. In January, professors from Columbia Business School teach concentrated courses in nonprofit management, finance, negotiation, and long- range and short-term strategic initiatives. In addition to this instruction, CCL Fellows engage with influential museum directors, administrators, trustees, civic officials, and other cultural leaders. These sessions provide CCL Fellows with unparalleled opportunities to not only discuss the current state of museums and cultural leadership but also receive hands-on instruction regarding strategy, fundraising, and board development. Time commitment Fellows must commit to full participation in all aspects of the CCL program, ensuring complete availability for all sessions and a wholly immersive Fellowship experience.  There will be four weeks of intensive in-person sessions that will not allow for concurrent obligations, during these times fellows are required to prioritize CCL as their primary commitment. In addition, Fellows are also expected to engage in ongoing projects that will demand their time and attention throughout the full five-month program. Cost CCL is proud to announce that, with the support of our Board of Trustees, the 2026 Fellowship will remain tuition free. CCL covers the majority of travel, hotel, and food costs related to the program. For the two weeks in January in New York City and the final week of the program, the majority of meals and transportation from Monday through Friday will be organized by CCL; Fellows will be responsible for covering a small number of expenses for taxis and other incidentals. For the five-day residency, CCL will arrange the booking and payment of hotel and travel reservations and Fellows will receive a daily stipend for meals, transportation, and incidentals. Application deadline : June 30, 2025. For more information visit here . Contact: info [​at​] cclcurators.org . Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Map More from Center for Curatorial Leadership June 6, 2025 CCL/Mellon Foundation Seminar in Curatorial Practice February 5, 2025 Seminar in Curatorial Practice November 25, 2024 Fellows 2025 e - flux 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA About Privacy Policy Institutions e-flux App Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Subscribe e - flux RSVP RSVP for CCL Fellowship Center for Curatorial Leadership May 23, 2025 Submit Thank you for your RSVP. Center for Curatorial Leadership will be in touch.