Square Photography Exhibition - Decode Gallery Exhibitions Calls For Entry Minimalism Square Abandoned Info Gallery Events Shop Saturdays 12:00pm-4:00pm ‪(520) 369-2441‬ 0 Exhibitions Calls For Entry Minimalism Square Abandoned Info Gallery Events Shop An Exhibition at Decode Gallery Square Photography Exhibit We are seeking photography of any genre in a square format. Whether you specialize in portraits, landscapes, documentary, architecture, or conceptual photography, we’d love to see submissions that embrace the creative possibilities within a square frame. This is a monthly rotating exhibit for the gallery, please read below for more details. Submission Deadline: July 10th, 2025 Exhibition Dates: August 2nd, 2025-August 30th, 2025 ACCEPTANCE 12 images will be selected by the juror for exhibition at Decode Gallery. The gallery handles all printing for accepted photographers for free, we print professionally on an Epson printer with Ilford Pearl paper. We will only print one exhibition print, after the show the print will be archived in a flat file for 6 months. We feature museum quality 14”x 14” inch frames. Our mats are cut to 7″x7″. If the photographer has selected to list the exhibition print for sale and someone inquires, the photographer will be notified immediately. All rights to the image file and print remain with the photographer. Decode Gallery takes a 50% commission on all sales, 50% goes to the photographer. Photographers will be notified by email of acceptance within two weeks after the submission deadline. Gallery opening will be on AUGUST 2ND. Want to be reminded before the submission deadline? Yes, send me a reminder email! PROSPECTUS ELIGIBILTY: The exhibition is open to all photographers world wide, both amateur and professional. ENTRY FEE: $40 USD per entry (an entry includes up to 10 photos). REGULATIONS: By entering our calls for entry you are agreeing to be added to Decode Gallery’s email list for forthcoming artist opportunities. By submitting images, you agree that the images are your own work, you own all rights to the images, and you take full responsibility for the content of all images, including the likeness of recognizable individuals. The actual artwork will remain the property of the artist, our mission is to promote artists and their work. Should your work be accepted, you grant Decode Gallery the right to reproduce your image on our website, on social media, publications, and where appropriate to help promote our online exhibitions. Decode Gallery will always credit you and your copyright wherever feasible. We will not use your image for any other purpose without the artist’s permission. A paid submission entry does not guarantee a spot in any of our exhibitions. JUROR WHO’S OUR JUROR? Holly Hart is a conceptual fine art photographer. She grew up in Southern Oregon. In 2011 she graduated with a BA in Photography from the Art Institute of Seattle. Her work has been published internationally in magazines as well as exhibited in galleries nationwide. Her love of fine art photography led her to the creation of Decode Gallery, a gallery looking to give photographers the important opportunity to exhibit. Interested in this call for entry? Submit Here! © 2025 Decode Gallery