SUGi x NAVA Photography Contest 2025 | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity sugi x nava photography contest 2025 SUGi Project Deadline: Jun. 29, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 29, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Photography Overview The SUGi x NAVA Photography Contest celebrates the ways we bring nature closer, even in everyday urban settings. We want to see wild places through your lens and your creativity. “Rewilding attitudes and ways we connect to Nature.” The wild places you experience may be close to home or far away, in town or in a more remote locale. We love the notion of nature kindling the wild side of human nature too. We welcome all types of photography, whether you are documenting the natural world as it is today or envisioning a future paradise. The SUGi x NAVA Photography Contest welcomes photographers of all levels from around the world to submit their work for the chance to win cash prizes totaling $10,250 with a grand prize of $4,000. In the fourth year of this contest, we are introducing new categories. Please choose a category (People & Nature, Urban Wildlife, Climate, Conceptual, Landscape, New Nature, Hidden Life, Fashion) to submit your photograph(s) upon entry. SUGi empowers people to invest in nature and restore biodiversity by planting SUGi Pocket Forests in cities, schools and waterways around the world. NAVA Contemporary is an art advisory offering consultancy services and an online gallery featuring a curated selection of artwork by compelling artists. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post SUGi x NAVA Photography Contest 2025 SUGi Project SUGi x NAVA Photography Contest 2025 SUGi Project Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect