Summer Residency Wassaic Project Events Exhibitions Residency Education  Apply About Visit Library Support Store Events Upcoming Past Exhibitions On View and Upcoming Apply Public Art Past Exhibitions Maxon Mills by Floor FAQ Education After-School Programs Summer Camps Classrooms ‍ Curricula Workbook ‍ Online Lessons Residency Apply Summer Residency Winter Residency Family Residency Print Editions Studio Visits Studios ‍ Houses Facilities‍ Review Panel FAQ About ‍ Mission, Vision, Values The Hamlet of Wassaic Who We Are Store ‍ Works for Sale Print Editions Publications Merch Library Interviews Artists Ephemera Visit Hours Getting Here While Here Local Recommendations Support ‍ Donate Planned Giving Benefits Supporters Events Upcoming ‍ Past Exhibitions On View and Upcoming Apply Public Art Past Exhibitions Maxon Mills by Floor FAQ Residency Apply‍ Summer Residency‍ Winter Residency‍ Family Residency‍ Print Editions‍ Studio Visits Studios ‍ Houses Facilities‍ Review Panel FAQ Education After-School Programs ‍ ‍ Summer Camps ‍ ‍ Classrooms ‍ Curricula ‍ ‍ Workbook ‍ Online Lessons About Mission, Vision, Values The Hamlet of Wassaic Who We Are Visit Hours ‍ ‍ Getting Here While Here ‍ ‍ Local Recs Library Interviews Artists Ephemera Support Donate ‍ ‍ Planned Giving Benefits ‍ ‍ Supporters Store ‍ Works for Sale Print Editions Publications Merch residency summer · Winter · Family · Print Editions · Studio Visits · REVIEW PANEL · Studios · Houses · Facilities · FAQ · Apply Our 2026 Artist Residency open call is live through 6/23. Apply today Our 2025 Haunted Mill and 2026 Artist Residency open calls are live through 6/23. Apply today Our 2026 Summer Exhibition open call is live through 8/18. Apply today Summer Residency May to October Studios, houses, facilities Summer residents work out of 200–300 square foot studios in the Luther Barn: a historic livestock barn (built in 1875) in the heart of town. They have 24-hour access to their studios, our print shop, our wood shop, and our ceramics studio. All residents live just a short walk away in one of our three residency houses, the Schoolhouse, the Lodge, and the HVA, where accommodations include a private bedroom, shared living room, dining room, kitchen, and bathrooms. Studios → Houses → Facilities → Programming Two to three times per month, creative professionals visit to give short lectures on their work and make one-on-one studio visits with our residents. Our embedded critics, Adam and Lauren of Ghost of a Dream , lead monthly group studio visits, while Co-Director Eve Biddle and Director of Artistic Programming Will Hutnick make one-on-one studio visits with residents. All residents are also invited to participate in a monthly evening of artist’s talks and presentations, and are encouraged to be available on the last Saturday of every month to participate in our Open Studios program. Studio visits → 2024 Summer Residents ‍ June Debra Cartwright ‍ Petra Szilagyi ‍ Ellen Dynebrink Sarah Fox Katie Garth André Griffo Ali Kaeini Daniel Shieh Maria Stabio Chen Peng Caroline Wayne July Felix Arnold Katie Commodore Srishti Dass Coorain Devin Heidi Johnson Calder Kamin ‍ Derra McWilliams ‍ Joseph Messer Daniel Shieh Lauren Murao Walkiewicz Ezra Wube August Sarah-Mecca Abdourahman Joanna Booth Ally Caple Scott Eastwood ‍ Grace Hager Heidi Johnson Jeremiah Jossim Quinlan Maggio Dionis Ortiz Thomas Martinez Pilnik September Eli Brown Maya Fuji ‍ Rose Himber Howse Heidi Johnson Vikesh Kapoor Jess Lincoln ‍ Leonardo Madriz ‍ SJ Powell ‍ Teo Rivera-Dundas Paul Simon Timeline + Review Our summer residency open call is usually open from August to September. We finish review and notify applicants by early December. Applicants are evaluated by a review panel composed of our Co-Directors , Director of Artistic Programming , and professionals in the field. Residents are selected based on the quality of their work, commitment to their practice, and ability to engage with the community at large. Review Panel → Cost + Aid We offer our Summer Residency on a sliding scale, from $0–900. It costs us $5,000 per person to host the residency. Most of this is covered by the generous support of donors and grants, but we recommend a contribution of $900 per month per person from artists who are able to contribute. We also offer 10+ fellowships per year, which include a no-fee residency plus an honorarium. Fellowships and Fees → Learn how to apply FAQ "The best 30 consecutive days of my life were spent in residency at the Wassaic Project. The entire experience of community with artists and Wassaic Project staff, the barn, the mill, and proximity to nature was beyond fortifying on every level." ‍ Kristi Keener 2022 Summer Resident Left to right: Kristi Keener, Lexy Ho-Tai, Maya Varadaraj, Nicole Banowetz "Somehow it still feels radical to be both an artist and a mother. My family is loud, we take up space, we have time constraints and schedules. We don’t fit with most art spaces, which is why I will forever sing the praises of the Wassaic Project for welcoming me as an artist with a family. I’m still practicing shaking off the stigmas.” Jordan Buschur 2022 Family Resident Jordan Buschur and family "I want to share my sincere thanks for a wonderful, productive, and stimulating residency this summer! It was such a joy to spend two months at Wassaic. This residency stirred up so many new possibilities, ideas, and potentials. I'll be squeezing the juice out of this experience for many months to come.” Lauren Ruth 2022 Summer Resident Lauren Ruth "I had a great time. I would have stayed longer if it were feasible. Everyone from the staff to the residents were very supportive and was open to any idea that I brought to them. Wassaic Project is truly an open space that will find a way to see your vision come to light." Ryan Davis 2022 Summer Resident Ryan Davis [The residency] had a very positive and profound impact on me at a time when I really needed some intense studio/sanctuary time away from my usual routine/environment to shake up, regroup, and process some new ideas. So greatly appreciated, and looking forward to future opportunities to return/collaborate with you all. Michael Hambouz 2022 Summer Resident Michael Hambouz "My whole life has changed so much thanks to all of you. New friends, new shows, invitation to Italy, etc... I'm so totally grateful to everyone." Rachel Collier 2021–2022 Winter Resident Rachel Collier "Wassaic Project is a wonderful, community-minded residency with staff providing support that is above and beyond. As a family resident, the shorter 2-week residency allowed me a manageable amount of time away to solely focus on my practice. I was able to delve into the research and develop concepts around a new body of work, while also exploring the ample local flora to create inks and dyes to use in the studio." Janet Wang 2022 Summer Family Resident Janet Wang @wassaicproject hello@wassaicproject.org (855) WASSAIC (855) 927-7242 © 2024 Wassaic Project Registered 501(c)3 Keep up with us! Weekly newsletter Weekly updates on our programs. Artist alumni gazette Monthly updates on our artists. Thank you! Check your inbox. Something went wrong. Try again or email hello@wassaicproject.org. Wassaic Project 37 Furnace Bank Road PO Box 220 Wassaic, NY 12592 Something wrong on the site? Let us know. Designed by Studio Bueno Developed by Magic Scroll