Call for Curatorial Proposals | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity call for curatorial proposals Descanso Gardens Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Curators Fees: No Artistic fields: Curating Overview Descanso Gardens invites curators, artists, collectives, cultural producers, and thinkers of all kinds to submit preliminary proposals for exhibitions and programs. Descanso Gardens is committed to giving emerging, mid-career, and established curators and artists the opportunity to expand their portfolios. Curatorial proposals will be considered for Descanso’s Sturt Haaga Gallery, the Boddy House, and for satellite locations throughout the botanical gardens. Curatorial Proposal Guidelines Descanso Gardens seeks curatorial proposals for the 2026-2028 calendar that will address the following requirements and selection criteria: Theme: Water. Water is the lifeblood of Descanso Gardens. It is impacted by policy, history, culture, and science and is reflected in our future planning, wellness practices, and storytelling. Locally and around the world, water is a symbol of wellness and abundance, but also scarcity and disruption. Descanso is looking for exhibitions and cultural programs that are inspired by careful study of water history, policy, culture, science, and art. What is the past, present, and future of water? How can we celebrate water? What can we learn from other cultures, both indigenous and around the world? How does it connect us and protect us, and how do we shape and protect it? What hidden stories can be revealed about water? Curatorial Concept: The exhibition/ program concept must closely align with the mission of Descanso Gardens to connect people with nature and one another, reflect the latest knowledge on the subject matter, foster innovation, as well as inspire discoveries and creative contributions that respond to Descanso Gardens’ botanic collections. As an organization located in Los Angeles County, Descanso Gardens prioritizes the inclusion of diverse viewpoints, backgrounds, experiences, and community connections. Interdisciplinary Approach : Descanso Gardens seeks proposals that utilize a creative blending of disciplines, media, and diverse points of view. Media: The proposal may use any media type (visual art, digital art, outdoor installations, performances, music, projections, virtual reality, text, etc.). The exhibitions and programs must be appropriate in scale material, form, and content for the cultural and physical environment in which they are to be presented. The proposed works, displays, and programs don’t need to be new and may have been presented before. New commissions are encouraged provided that their cost is within the exhibition’s budget. Scope: The exhibition may utilize one or all of the spaces below: The Sturt Haaga Gallery (1750 sq ft in 3 rooms plus the front window area), The Boddy House (A historic building with 2220 sq. ft. of exhibition space ranging from a single room at 330 sq ft to 2220 sq ft for all 5 rooms). In 2026-2028, the following spaces are available for exhibition: Foyer, Solarium, Library, Camellia Room. Please note that Living Room and Dining Room are likely to be used to private event rentals. Outdoor spaces throughout the botanical gardens. Please note that the Lake Area and the Auxiliary Parking lot will be under construction in 2025-2027, while other locations need advance approval due to potential overlap with Descanso’s Carved , Enchanted, and other outdoor events in the Gardens. Collaborative partnerships : Proposals that establish partnerships with other cultural organizations, educational and botanical institutions, community members, and Descanso Gardens visitors are preferred. Audience : Descanso’s visitorship has been growing over the past few years and the Gardens attract an audience that is more diverse in race or ethnicity than many other museums and gardens. Many attendees may be first-time visitors to the Sturt Haaga Gallery or the Boddy House, and exhibitions and programs in these spaces should consider ways to engage “first-time visitors” as well as people who are already familiar with the Garden’s gallery spaces and exhibitions. Accessibility and Engagement: Descanso Gardens strives to expand access, engagement, and education opportunities for a broader public. Preference will be given to proposals that prioritize opportunities for visitor participation, hands-on activity or response, as well as engaging diverse programming that reaches out to traditionally underserved groups. At Descanso, there is an opportunity and need to attract more visitors who identify as Hispanic or Latino/Latina/Latinx, Asian or Asian American, African American, other minority groups, so that visitorship reflects more closely the diversity of surrounding areas and Los Angeles County. Group Applications : Curators are discouraged from submitting or including their own artwork; artistic collectives may be included within curatorial proposals but should not submit their work without a specific curator. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post Call for Curatorial Proposals Descanso Gardens Call for Curatorial Proposals Descanso Gardens Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect