The Secret Garden 2025 Online Art Competition – Ten Moir Gallery Skip to content July 2025 Edition Opens March 25 Monthly Art Competitions Facebook-f Twitter Instagram Youtube Explore Artist Competitions Solo Spotlight Exhibitions True Blue Secret Garden Artist Award January 2025 Edition July 2024 Edition July 2023 Edition About Our Art Competition Experience FAQ Contact Us Explore Artist Competitions Solo Spotlight Exhibitions True Blue Secret Garden Artist Award January 2025 Edition July 2024 Edition July 2023 Edition About Our Art Competition Experience FAQ Contact Us The Secret Garden 2025 Online Art Competition Secret Garden Online Art Competition & Exhibition Ten Moir Gallery invites artists and photographers to submit their best work for the Secret Garden 2025 Online Art Competition! This competition highlights the delicate elegance of flowers, the lush vibrancy of plant life, and the enchanting presence of wildlife. Whether it’s intricate floral compositions, serene garden landscapes, or the creatures that thrive within them, we want to see your best botanical and fauna-inspired artwork. Submissions to our online art contests and exhibitions are open to artist from around the world. Best in show wins a cash prize, free entry in to the Blu Sky Artist Award, will have their artwork used as the poster of the exhibition and more. All winning artists will receive a digital award certificate. $12 per submission. The deadline to submit entries is May 1, 2025. Entry Deadline: May 1, 2025 Winners notification: May 8-10, 2025 Virtual Exhibition Date: May 12 – June 12, 2025 Important Dates: Apply Now 01 Eligibility This Call for Entries is open worldwide to both emerging and established creators. TM Gallery invites creators working in all mediums, styles and schools of thought to participate. Experimental and mixed techniques are welcome. Only 2-D  and 3-D work is eligible. Artworks containing pornographic or satanic content will not be taken into consideration. 0 2 Entry Fee $12 per image.  There is no limit to the number of images you can submit. Please note that entry fees are non-refundable. 0 3 Awards Best in Show : Ten Moir Gallery will announce one winner. Best in show will receive $150 cash prize, be featured on the cover of the show, Dedicated social media post, and Featured in our newsletter. 1st, 2nd, 3rd place winners will receive an Dedicated social media post and inclusion in the online exhibition Finalists : Included in the online exhibition and a digital certificate. All accepted works will be displayed with the artist name, title of work, and artist website or social media account if they do not have a website. 0 4 Judging Criteria Our judging criteria are designed to evaluate artworks comprehensively, ensuring a fair and insightful assessment. Artwork will be judged based on: Craftsmanship, Presentation, Interpretation of the theme, Composition, Creativity, and Technical Skill. 0 5 How to Enter Select professionally presentable images ( up to 2.0 MB) in JPG, jpeg png, gif format. 2000px max on largest side. **File name format: Artist name – Title of artwork ( ex. John Smith – Artwork1)** Fill out all required information on online form Upload & Submit your artwork You will be redirected to a payment gateway You will receive a confirmation email after payment is complete. 0 6 Terms and Conditions – Usage Rights All entrants to Ten Moir Gallery Art competitions, exhibitions, and grants, by virtue of their submission, are attesting that the images submitted are their own work and there has been no copyright infringement. Ten Moir Gallery will not be held liable for any infringement of rights that might surface during the jurying or displaying of any image. By submitting, you grant Ten Moir Gallery the right to use your image(s) for promotion and advertisement of Ten Moir Gallery as well as inclusion in the Ten Moir Gallery social media channels and online gallery. The artist and/or photographer retains all rights to the image. Images selected as winners or Honorable Mention or images previously submitted but not selected in a Ten Moir international call for entry may be resubmitted as often as you wish. Secret Garden Entry Form Ten Moir Gallery is not your typical online gallery; we are passionate promoters of your palette. Our art competitions and exhibitions are designed by creatives who understand the artist’s soul. It’s not just about showcasing your art; it’s about amplifying your voice on the global stage. With every stroke, we aim to paint a story of your success, ensuring that your art is seen, celebrated, and embraced by a diverse audience. Join our vibrant community and let your art resonate far beyond virtual borders. Search About Call for Art Privacy Policy Terms of Entry Contact FAQ © 2023 All rights reserved Twitter Facebook Dribbble Youtube Pinterest Medium