ACC CREATORS 2025 Residency Open Call | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity acc creators 2025 residency open call ACC CREATORS Residency Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: Gwangju, Korea Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: No Artistic fields: Visual Arts Video Sound Art Digital Installation Interdisciplinary Public Art Overview National Asian Culture Center Announces Open Call for Groundbreaking Projects at the Intersection of Art and Technology! The ACC, under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism of the Republic of Korea, is pleased to announce the international open call for the ACC CREATORS 2025 Residency — a prestigious interdisciplinary program supporting visionary projects that merge art, science, and technology. Marking its 10th anniversary, the ACC CREATORS Residency has become one of Asia’s leading platforms for experimental cultural production. Open to artists, researchers, technologists, and creators worldwide, the program provides a collaborative environment for developing ambitious works that engage with urgent questions of our time. The 2025 residency theme, “The Intelligence Age,” invites participants to explore the societal, artistic, and technological implications of artificial intelligence and the rapidly evolving data landscape. Selected creators will investigate new forms of intelligence and envision how humans may coexist with emergent entities in hybrid digital-physical environments. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post ACC CREATORS 2025 Residency Open Call ACC CREATORS Residency ACC CREATORS 2025 Residency Open Call ACC CREATORS Residency Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect