The 25th Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival(nemaf2025) Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (1) Submit The 25th Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival(nemaf2025) (25) Deadlines 04 Apr 2025 Call for entries 16 May 2025 Festival closed 08 Aug 2025 Notification date 07 Aug 2025 13 Aug 2025 Address Seodaemun-gu, 03715, Seoul, Seoul, South Korea Festival description Short film festival 40'< Feature film festival >40' Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Genres Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Online and Physical Location January 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  40'< Feature Films  >40' Any language Subtitles Korean 
														                			English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet English Festival description (Edition: 25) Festival start: 07 August 2025     
							Festival end: 13 August 2025 Seoul International ALT Cinema & media arts Festival (NeMaf) is the annual festival that shows media-based art with innovative spirit in its themes and forms. The types of works we show include single-channel video arts, media arts, documentaries, found-footage films, essay films, experimental films, and so on. It takes place at multiple cinemas around Seoul. It has been founded and showcased more than 2,000 media-based works and discovered 1,000 artists since it was founded in 2000. NeMaf now opens for submissions and seeks innovative films and media art works. - Submission Deadline MAY 16, 2025 11:59 PM (Korea Standard Time) Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 3,500$ Competition winners will receive grants to support the creation of new work. The details   are as follows: - Best Korean Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best Glocal Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best Feature Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best NewMedia Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Executive Committee Special Award : KRW 1,000,000 New works supported by the grants will be screened at the 2026 Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival. All the award details, award titles and prize size may be changed according to the circumstances of the festival. Rules The 25th Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival Regulations for Submission 1. Organization Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival is hosted and organized by iGong, Visual Culture Factory. 2. Purpose Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival with the mission including human rights, gender, and art sensitivities enthusiastically introduces to the public diversities of arts in which articulate flavors, creativities and experimental spirits of the individuals. Furthermore, we expect the convergence of video & media culture and the expansion of its limits through new mediums of films, video arts and exhibit works. 3. Festival Period The 25th Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival will be held from 7th August to 13th August, 2025. 4. Programs The programs of Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival are mainly divided into screening and exhibition sections. The specific classifications are as below. But it may change according to the festival conditions. ■ Screening Section 1) Competition: Korea Propose / Glocal Propose 2) NewMedia Alternative Cinema (Non-competition) 3) Alternative Genre 4) Special Screenings (Retrospective, etc.) 5) Theme Screening ■ Exhibition Section 1) Competition: New Media Theater 2) Alternative Genre: Virtual Reality Art X 3) Theme Exhibition 5. Qualifications for Entry ■ Common Qualifications 1) Submissions of the works for the competition section ofSeoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival must be completed after January 2023. 2) The submitters must prepare the preview as an online screener, specify the password in the entry form and submit the completed entry form before the deadline (16th, May 2025). 3) The preview screener must be identical or the same version with the final screening version. 4) In case of submissions of several works, submitters must fill out the form for each one. 5) The work must be subtitled in English or Korean unless the dialogue is in Korean or English. ■ Screening 1) Seoul International ALT Cinema & Media Festival accepts feature or short films regardless of genres such as alternative, experimental, animations, documentary, dance film. Found footage film, etc. 2) It is based on the screening time of features and shorts: the length of a feature film is 40 minutes, or more, and the length of a short film is 40 minutes or less. 6. Selection 1) All entries for Seoul International ALT Cinema & Media Festival will be examined by judges who will be selected by the festival. And only the selected films will be notified individually to the submitters after judges make their final decision. 2) Selections of Korean Propose and Glocal Propose will be announced at the festival website in June 2025. 3) Competition winners will be determined by the judges of each section during the festival. 7. Award 1) Competition winners will receive grants to support the creation of new work. The details   are as follows: - Best Korean Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best Glocal Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best Feature Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Best NewMedia Award : KRW 1,000,000 - Executive Committee Special Award : KRW 1,000,000 2) New works supported by the grants will be screened at the 2026 Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival. 3) All the award details, award titles and prize size may be changed according to the circumstances of the festival. 8. Submission of Documentation/Promotional Materials ■ Common Materials 1) Required Basic Materials a. All the entrants of the selected screening/exhibition are required to submit additional materials. These materials must be submitted before the date indicated by the festival. (※ A complete list of required materials will be individually provided later via e-mail.) b. The submitted materials are used as catalog and promotion materials of the Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival. 2) Subtitles a. Once a work is selected, the works in any language other than Korean or English must be provided with Korean or English subtitles. b. The work should be subtitled as below: - Korean language: English subtitle - Korean language + English language: English subtitle + Korean subtitle - Korean language + other non-English language: English subtitle + Korean/English subtitle ■ Screening 1) Submissions of Print a. The submitter of the selected films must submit both a low-sized screener file and the final print in the requested format by the indicated date to Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival. b. The final print could be submitted online. The instruction will be notified individually to the selected submitters via e-mail. c. In case of a submitter agrees with the festival promotion regulation, Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival uses an excerpt from the applicable work not exceeding 3 minutes (10% of the running time) for promotional purposes. If the submitter has a promotional video of the selected work for Seoul International Alt Cinema & Media arts Festival, it had better submit it with the final print. d. Please note that the festival does not provide screening or delivery fees, nor does it cover any costs related to attending the screening. 9. Presentation of the Film & Media after the Festival 1) All selected works of Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival will be kept at the archives which is run by Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival only for research and educational purposes. In case of refusal to adhere to festival regulations, the work will be excluded from the list of archives. 2) After the festival, the screening/ exhibition works of Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival can be shown again for only educational and non-profit purposes at “NeMaf Glocal Tour” run by the Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival. In case of refusal from the exhibitor, the work will be excluded from the list of “NeMaf Glocal Tour” and in case of approval from the exhibitor, the festival should obtain screening permission by copyright holder. 3) Only the works agreed with NeMaf Archive are going to have the preferential right to be recommended and introduced to invitation screenings from other international or domestic festivals. 10. Agreement 1) The regulations above take effect with the submission of a completed entry form signed by the director, producer, agent or domestic distributor of the work. 2) Seoul Intl. ALT Cinema & Media Festival reserves the right to decide upon matters not discussed in the above regulations. Official Competition Section Short and Feature Films Standard Fee 2$ -8% 1.84$ Submissions deadline 16 May 25 Save up 0.16$ Submit Seoul International ALT Cinema & media Festival (nemaf) is the annual festival that shows media-based art with innovative spirit in its themes and forms. The types of works we show include single-channel video arts, media arts, documentaries, found-footage films, essay films, experimental films, and so on. It takes place at multiple cinemas around Seoul. It has been founded and showcased more than 2,000 media-based works and discovered 1,000 artists since it was founded in 2000. NeMaf now opens for submissions and seeks innovative films and media art works. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy