Residency on ‘Bodies, Machines, Publics’ 2025 for Artists from Chile, India, Netherlands, and the UK (India) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies Residency on ‘Bodies, Machines, Publics’ 2025 for Artists from Chile, India, Netherlands, and the UK (India) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary , Digital / New Media Destination countries: India Khoj invites artists to critically examine and question the shifting entanglements between bodies, technologies, and systems of power for its upcoming residency – BODIES-MACHINES-PUBLICS. Khoj invites artists from Chile, India, Netherlands, and the UK to apply for a fully funded, seven-week, on-site residency taking place in New Delhi, India, between October and December 2025. In its second iteration, the programme seeks to foreground practices and inquiries that can map the shifting terrain of digital life through critique and the articulation of alternate possibilities. BODIES-MACHINES-PUBLICS is an inquiry which has emerged from this urgency to understand how evolving technologies transform and reorganise what it means to be human, to inhabit gender, caste and other socio-ecological formations, in the 2020s and beyond, globally. Khoj in collaboration with NAVE (Chile), Immersive Arts Space at ZHdK (Switzerland), and Kornhausforum (Bern), is part of a two-year long, multi-sited research initiative. The project offers artists time and space to develop research-driven practices that probe the entanglements of bodies, machines, and publics, in a ‘glocal’ context. This application is open to a diverse range of creative practices. Artists and creative practitioners with a focus on innovative concepts spanning objects, installations, artefacts, performances, screenings, and interventions within the realms of Interactive Art, BioArt, Hybrid Art, AI & Life Sciences, Sound Art, Net Art, Digital Communities, amongst others, are encouraged to apply. Khoj will provide travel , accommodation at Khoj premises, per-diem, and a production budget of up to 2,00,000 INR for each artist. Khoj has partnered with the HIVE Lab at IIT Kanpur to support artists with the fabrication of their proposed projects. Deadline: 20 July 2025 More info & apply Art & Sciences Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to India Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap