DongGang International Photo Festival 2025 (South Korea) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. DongGang International Photo Festival 2025 (South Korea) Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: South Korea Read this call in: Korean DongGang International Photo Festival (DIPF) is calling for works for the 23rd edition, to be held from 11 July to 28 September 2025 in Yeongwol, South Korea. DIPF aims to feature a quality selection of photography projects from around the world and this year’s theme is ‘Assimilate them, Refine them, Slit them’. ‘Aesthetic objectification’ refers to the process by which humans view and interpret certain subjects through the lens of beauty. This process can apply to everything from natural scenery to everyday items, and it is shaped by each individual’s unique viewpoint. During the objectification process, people project their emotions and interpretations onto the subject, thereby assigning new meaning and value to it. Through the act of seeing anew, we also recognise the discrepancies between what we see and what we know. The festival invites artists to depart from conventional discourse, delve into the essence of the image, and imagine anew—through the singular gaze. Individuals and collectives are welcome to apply; individuals should submit between 8 – 12 photographs from a particular series or body of work. There will be 15 – 20 artists selected, including ‘Artist of the year’ (individual artist or 1 team of winner). They will benefit from a year-long exhibition that exposures at the DIPF Festival, including the inclusion in art magazine, any related press (long term festival representation and promotion on official website, publications, catalogue that will be seen by a substantial number of visual arts professionals and the media) where the works viewed by an international panel of influential experts in the field of photography. The ‘Artist of the year’ will have a solo exhibition at DIPF (production/printing, framing or related presentation material will be provided) and they are eligible for travel and accommodation to attend the opening. Deadline: 1 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap