Urban 2025 | THE GGOP top of page The Glasgow Gallery of Photography News Our Story Info for Participants Home Page 2025 Exhibitions 2024 Exhibitions 2023 Exhibitions 2022 Exhibitions Photographer of the Month The Emergence Project Call for Submissions Terms and Conditions Contact Us Shop Publications & Catalogues Donations Photography Sale List < Back 5th - 29th November 2025 Submission Deadline: 27th June 2025 Acceptance Notification by: 2nd July 2025 ( Please Check Spam Folder . You will only be notified if selected) Payment Deadline: 16th July 2025 Free Submission Participation Fee £48.00 (discount available if selected for both exhibitions in the same month) Urban 2025 The Glasgow Gallery of Photography is running an exhibition in November called Urban. The urban environment is very different from a rural one, so we want to see those differences, the good and the bad, that make an urban environment what it is. But you don't need to be limited to just that, with the theme of Urban we want to showcase a range of images from Street photography showing the people that live in these spaces, to cityscapes, to architectural photography and so much more. If you thinking you have images that would really embody the theme of Urban, we want to see it. ​ Urban is an open call for photographers to submit up to 8 images. Photographers who are selected will have their work displayed in our gallery, with their work also appearing online in an online gallery on our website. ​ All participants that are selected to take part in the exhibition will receive a digital certificate of participation and will also be put forward for a chance to be named Photographer of the Month. We want to see work from both emerging and established photographers. You do not need to be a professional photographer to participate as we believe that photography is for everyone. Both Scottish and International photographers are welcome. ​​ How to participate: Submission are FREE. If your work is selected there will be a participation fee of £48.00. This fee covers the cost of everything. We will print, install and un-install the work our gallery space. ​ Please note that the frames used belong to the gallery ​ Unless otherwise stated by the gallery, images will either be printed 16"x12, 18"x12", or 12"x12" in size depending on the image. ​ Photographers are can collect their work after the exhibition, photographers must let us know in advance that that they wish to collect. Prints put aside for collection will held of one month. The submission deadline for this exhibition: 27th June 2025 ​ Choose up to 8 images that are 300ppi and 3000 Pixels minimum on the shortest side. Work will be displayed various sizes depending on the image selected. (You will be asked to resubmit if you do not follow these guidelines) Name your image files with your name in this format: Firstname-Surname , e.g John-Smith1, John-Smith2. If you do not name your files correctly, it could result in your files getting lost or misplaced.Please only use your name, do not include image titles or any other information, this can be added elsewhere in you submission. Make sure your images are JPEG files. We can only accept jpegs as this is what the printers we use requires. Send your 1 - 8 files using either Wetransfer or Dropbox (which are free to use) to our submission email address submissions@glasgowgalleryofphotography.com . Please do not send image via email as this tends to compress your files. Also please send all your images at the same time, and not one image at a time. Please remember to tell us your name, nationality and/or where you reside (these will be displayed along with your selected images) which exhibition you are submitting to e.g Urban. ​ If you are selected to participate or on the reserve list, you will be notified by email. Those not selected will not be notified. If you have been selected and you wish to participate, this is when you can supply us with addition information such as titles of works, or the series it comes from, website links and social media handles. This information will be added to the online gallery for this exhibition. ​ Good Luck! Urban 2025 bottom of page