Call for Artists: the International Exhibition “Form 2025” | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity call for artists: the international exhibition “form 2025” CICA Museum Deadline: Apr. 17, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 17, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Applied Arts Architecture Curating Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Writing Overview CICA Museum invites artists worldwide to participate in the International Exhibition “Form 2025.” The exhibition covers topics of forms, shapes, and media. We are open to photography, 2D digital art, video art, interactive art, painting, sculpture and installation art. *Deadline: April 18, 2025 *Category -Photographs & 2D Digital Art -Video & Interactive Art -Painting & Installation Art *Installation -Photography & 2D Digital Art Selected works will be printed in 10×15 or 10×10 inches, framed, and installed by our curators & assistants. If requested by the artist, works can be printed and framed in different sizes. Additional fees may apply. -Video & Interactive Art We will provide projectors and DVD/DIVX players for the show. Multiple single-channel works will be screened via a projector. If the work is required to be screened via a projector exclusively, or more than two projectors/monitors are needed, please indicate the special requirements in the submission email. Additional fees may apply. -Physical Works (Painting, Drawing, Print, Sculpture, and Installation Art) The artist is responsible for the shipment and delivery of his/her physical work to and from CICA Museum, as well as all related expenses. The two-dimensional work should be no larger than 39 inch (1 m) on the longest side, and the installation piece should be no larger than 39x39x79 inches (1 x 1 x 2 m, w x l x h). The work that needs to be mounted on the wall should not exceed 10 kg. Please indicate in the submission email if you are interested in exhibiting works exceeding the size/weight limit. *Exhibition Dates: December 3 – 28, 2025 ***The dates are subject to change. *How to submit your work: Please visit our website for more information. https://cicamuseum.com/call-for-artists-form/ Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post Call for Artists: the International Exhibition “Form 2025” CICA Museum Call for Artists: the International Exhibition “Form 2025” CICA Museum Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect