Centrale Fies: Live Works Free School of Performance 2025–2026 (Italy) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Centrale Fies: Live Works Free School of Performance 2025–2026 (Italy) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Digital / New Media , Music & Sound , Performing Arts Destination countries: Italy Read this call in: Italian The 13th edition of LIVE WORKS, the Free School of Performance of Centrale Fies in Dro, Italy, is dedicated to the practical and theoretical exploration of the boundaries of performing arts. Created in 2013 by Centrale Fies in collaboration with Viafarini, LIVE WORKS is a platform dedicated to contemporary live practices that contribute to the deepening and expansion of the concept of performance, following the current shift in the performative and its elements. The call is open to a wide range of performative actions, also including sound and new media arts, text-based performances, lecture performances, multimedia storytelling, choreographic practices, relational and workshop-based projects, and other projects questioning the idea of performativity beyond the body. Artists and professionals from any geographic location and with no age limits can enter, as individuals or in groups, with a single project. The open call only accepts unpublished or long-term projects that need to be developed and/or concluded, for which participation would represent an evolution of the project or its final chapter. The production of the performance projects during the residency will be supported by diverse types of curatorship, from theoretical to technical development, throughout a Free School of Performance consisting of studio visit, critical session and reading group. During the residency phases, Centrale Fies will provide a production and curatorial staff to assist the artists as they develop the selected projects. The selected projects will be 6, and each project will have access to: an annual fellowship of 3,000 EUR Kick Off Seminar 18–20 July 2025, during Live Works Summit 2025 a 15-day individual residency at Centrale Fies a collective residency together with all the selected artists, at Centrale Fies, in the summer 2026 in the frame of Live Works Summit 2026 For the two residencies, travel costs to reach the venue, as well as food and accommodation during both residency periods, are covered. Deadline: 4 April 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap