ILLUSTRATION AND COMICS FESTIVAL LUSTR 2025 | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity illustration and comics festival lustr 2025 LUSTR Festival Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Drawing Visual Arts Writing Interdisciplinary Overview Are you into illustration or comic book creation? Become a part of the LUSTR festival in September 2025! Don’t miss the unique chance to present your latest projects as part of the Showcase expo in one of three categories: free illustration, comics and creative collectives. Showcase exhibition section is open again to those who have already exhibited at the festival in the past! Apply with an original idea and don’t be afraid to show your unique style at the largest illustration and comics show in the Czech Republic. Applications and participation are free, exhibitors are selected by an eight-member expert jury. LUSTR is a festival of illustration and comics that has been held regularly every September in Prague since 2014. The twelfth year will take place in 2025. The exhibition program consists of 5-7 individual exhibitions each year, while we are looking for exhibitors for the non-thematic Showcase expo through an international open call. The festival also offers a varied accompanying program of lectures, workshops and discussions for the general public and professionals in the field. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post ILLUSTRATION AND COMICS FESTIVAL LUSTR 2025 LUSTR Festival ILLUSTRATION AND COMICS FESTIVAL LUSTR 2025 LUSTR Festival Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect