Culture Directorate Malta: Pax Kultura Artist in Residence 2025 (Malta) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies Culture Directorate Malta: Pax Kultura Artist in Residence 2025 (Malta) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Malta Read this call in: Maltese The Culture Directorate Malta welcomes applications from international artists (not residing in Malta) to benefit from an Artist in Residency programme and develop their work in Malta over a maximum period of one month taking place between 1 October and 5 December 2025. The Artist in Residence theme for 2025 – Pax Kultura – aims to provide a platform for reflection, innovation, and connection across different artistic fields with the overarching aim of providing a point of encounter between the arts, culture, and peace. The Artist in Residence 2025 envisions to position Malta as an innovative artistic hub and through different artistic collaborations directly contribute to advance a broad understanding of culture and enhance its visibility and role in promoting dialogue, democracy and peace. The Artist in Residence is expected to do the following: Develop an artistic project which includes reference to Malta, and/or includes direct collaboration with a local artist Deliver lectures, talks and/or lead workshops for students, local artists and interested persons identified by the Culture Directorate Establish an active network across physical borders, artistic disciplines and demographic constrains The call is open for established and emerging artists with a minimum of two years of proven experience in their respective field. The call invites participation by artists hailing from across different regions, in particularly artists hailing from countries with a recent history of armed conflict and/or political instability directly impacting their work and freedom of expression. The allocated budget of 30,000 EUR caters for a maximum of six artists. Artists are provided with travel costs , accommodation, per diem, and an artistic fee. Deadline: 4 July 2025 More info & apply Social Engagement Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Malta Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap