SANFIC 21- Santiago International Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (3) Submit SANFIC 21 - Santiago Festival Internacional De Cine (21) SANFIC 21- Santiago International Film Festival Deadlines 15 Apr 2025 Call for entries 26 May 2025 Festival closed 01 Aug 2025 Notification date 17 Aug 2025 24 Aug 2025 Address Víctor Hendrych #361, Providencia, 7501401, Santiago de Chile, Metropolitana, Chile Festival description Short film festival 30'< Feature film festival >60' Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location February 2024 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  30'< Feature Films  >60' Any language Any language Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 21) Festival start: 17 August 2025     
							Festival end: 24 August 2025 SANFIC, Santiago International Film Festival, represents a film platform with educational, cultural, artistic and industrial purposes, as well as a prime symbol of the Chilean capital city and the whole country. Prizes and qualifications The awards the jurors will grant are: International Competition: •	Best Film •	Best Director •	Best Interpretation Chilean Cinema Competition: •	Best Film •	Best Director •	Best Interpretation Chilean Short Films / Local Talent Competition: •	Best Film The Juries of the International, Chilean and Chilean Short Films / Local Talent Competition, will be allowed to propose special mentions, with a limit of three. No film can receive more than two awards. Rules REGULATIONS FOR FILM REGISTRATION AND PARTICIPATION .- GENERAL GUIDELINES 1.1.	SANFIC 21, Santiago International Film Festival, Co-financed by Ministerio de las Culturas, las Artes y el Patrimonio, produced by Storyboard Media and presented by Corpartes Foundation, will take place between August 17 and 24 of 2025. 1.2.	The registration is open to full-length fiction films and documentaries, national and international, as well as for Chilean short films exclusively. All the production must have been finished after February 1, 2024. Registration is free of charges for local productions. For international productions, registration will cost USD 30. 1.3.	Exhibition formats and subtitles: a.	The exhibition formats accepted for both full-length and short films are: Full-length films and short films – format for cinema: - DCP (Digital Cinema Package) - INTEROP or SMPTE - FLAT o SCOPE - 2K y 4K. Sound: 5.1, 7.1 o 2.0 ch. -Apple ProRes 4444, 422 HQ or Avid DNxHD – aspect ratio: 1920x1080p, 1998x1080p o 2048x850p. Sound: 2.0 y 5.1 ch. Accepted Frame Rate: 23:98, 24, 25, and 30 fps. Full-length films and short films – online screening format: Video: .MOV/MP4 - CODEC H264 1920x1080p (progressive) -	Bitrate: min. 15 mbps. -	VBR 2 pass (ideal) Audio 2 CH - Stereo - CODEC: AAC 48.000 Hz, 320 Kbps - High Quality. -	clear copy, preferably with no rendered subtitles on it. -	Frame Rate aceptado: 24, 25, y 30 fps. b.	Subtitles: -	format: .srt, 45 characters per line (2 lines maximum per dialogue) -	rendered on the copy: 45 characters per line (2 lines maximum per dialogue); usage of yellow gamma for the texts in accordance to the color correction of the video. Keep in mind that for Feature Films and Short Films in Competition and Special screenings, which are spoken in Spanish, English subtitles are required. The festival reserves the right to verify the technical quality of all the formats. In the case of other digital formats not specified above, SANFIC reserves the right to review them on a case-by-case basis and decide what the festival esteems convenient for their exhibition. 1.4.	SANFIC will give priority to national and international film premieres. 1.5.	The films selected will be screened in their original version. a.	For full-length foreign films: The projection copy with Spanish subtitles will be preferred. If such copy should not exist, a clean copy with separate English subtitles will be required (unless the film is spoken in this language). b.	For full-length Chilean films: The digital copy for projection will be required to have English subtitles incorporated into the copy. c.	For Chilean short films: The digital copy for projection will be required to have English subtitles incorporated into the copy. 1.6.	The producer that holds the rights to the film, must communicate to SANFIC their desire to participate before May 26th, 2025, in the case of the full- length and short films, completing the registration through Festhome.com. This document will have the character of a sworn declaration and in which they state that the declarant knows and accepts the present Regulation. 2.	COMPETITIONS 2.1.	SANFIC includes three categories in the official competition: a.	International Competition: for first, second, third, fourth and even fifth films, national and international full-length, fiction as well as documentaries. b.	Chilean Cinema Competition: full-length fiction films and documentaries of Chilean production. c.	National Talent Short Film Competition: Chilean short films only of Chilean production or co-production with Chile, fiction as well as documentaries. The works may be fiction, documentary and/or animation, and should be maximum 30 minutes in duration. The SANFIC selection committee will program the categories. The Chilean films in competition should have, at least, their national premiere in SANFIC. 2.2.	The SANFIC Organization will name the members of the juries. The format of the juries is the following: a.	International Competition Jury: it will be formed by a minimum of three members, of which 2 out of 3 should be public figures foreign to the organizing country. b.	Chilean Cinema Competition Jury: it will be formed by a minimum of three members, of which at least 2 out of 3 should be public figures foreign to the organizing country. c.	National Talent Short Film Competition Jury: it will be formed by a minimum of three members, of which at least 2 out of 3 should be public figures foreign to the organizing country. d.	Those persons who have any share in the production and/or exploitation of the films in the competition cannot be a part of the jury. e.	The jury votes will be secret and the decisions adopted by them will be by simple majority. A representative of SANFIC may attend the jury deliberations; however, with no voting rights. f.	The members of the jury firmly agree to not express publicly their opinions about the films submitted to their consideration before the official proclamation of the awards. Any conflict not foreseen in the present regulation will be resolved by the SANFIC organization. 2.3.	The awards to be given by the jury are: International Competition: ▪	Best Film ▪	Best Director ▪	Best Actor/Actress Chilean Cinema Competition: ▪	Best Film ▪	Best Director ▪	Best Actor/Actress Local Talent Short Film Competition: ▪	Best Film The jury of the International Competition, of Chilean Cinema and National Talent Short Film will be able to propose special mentions, with a limit of two. No film can receive more than two awards. 2.4.	The producers of the films that have received an award are obligated to mention it in all their publicity and press material, including the SANFIC logo that will be send in time by the organizers. 2.5.	After accepting the invitation to participate in any of the competition categories, the films may not be withdrawn from SANFIC. They may not be screened in Chile (this considers any broadcasting platform, like internet or any other) before the date that SANFIC takes place. 3.	REGISTRATION AND REQUIRED MATERIALS SANFIC has arranged a registration mechanism for films, in which the registrants must send their material before the registration deadline: •	Full-length and Short Films before May 26, 2025 3.1.	Online film delivery platform: The platform “FESTHOME: The Online Film Festival Submission Center”, is known worldwide, it is a distribution service for films (full-length and short) through the Internet that offers online viewing quality (up to 2000 kbps) in an automatic manner for SANFIC21. The producer may register his/her film through the website https://festhome.com/ where they will find all the necessary information for registration. The films selected should send the following before July 7th, 2025: a.	A copy of the selected film. b.	A list of the subtitles and a list of the dialogues in the case that the festival requires it. 3.2.	The SANFIC Selection Committee will not take into consideration films registered after the deadline (May 26, 2025). 4.	SELECTED FILMS 4.1.	Catalogue: With the objective of correctly editing the catalogue, SANFIC will extract material from each selected film from Festhome, for this reason we request that the registrants include, without exception, in their registration form the following materials: •	Synopsis of the film (600 characters max.). •	Film biography of the director that includes at least year, city and country of birth; and his/her full-length films that they have premiered. •	High-resolution photography, portrait type, of the director. •	Four or more photos of the film, also in high resolution. •	List of technical and artistic credits that include at least: director, executive producers, screenwriter, cinematographer, art director, film editor, music director and cast. •	Trailer (in case it has one). 4.2.	The decisions about the editorial contents of the catalogue will remain under the charge of SANFIC. 5.	PRESS AND PUBLICITY 5.1.	Once the official selection has been finalized, SANFIC may use fragments of the films, of up to a maximum of 3 minutes, and photographs (extra ones to those requested in the registration form), with promotional objectives. For the short films the duration of the fragments may not exceed 10% of the duration of the final work. The website and SANFIC social networks may include graphic materials and any other promotional support that the festival esteems convenient. If the fragments are not available on behalf of the film producer, SANFIC may copy one or more film fragments, with promotional purposes and in order to use them before or during SANFIC. 5.2.	SANFIC may use fragments of the winning films or those that receive a mention by the jury, of up to 3 minutes, as well as photographs, with promotional purposes, after finalizing SANFIC, until the competition esteems it is convenient. 5.3 It will be required of the producers of the selected films to provide SANFIC with a pertinent screener to be sent with embargo (or with a specific password for viewing in the case that it be required) to the film critics and festival programmers who wish to see the film prior to the festival functions, for promotional and communications purposes. 6.	DELIVERY OF PROJECTION COPIES 6.1.	The details about the delivery of the digital copies for exhibition will be indicated once the film has been invited to participate in SANFIC. The festival uses its own secured account for receiving the digital files. 6.2.	Unless SANFIC authorizes it, the copy should be available during the entire festival. The copy must arrive before July 7th, 2025. 6.3.	The film should be sent to SANFIC with all expenses paid by the sender. Payments on the reception end are not acceptable, unless SANFIC authorizes it previously. 7.	SECURITY AND ACCESS PROTOCOL FOR THE SELECTED FILMS We recognize the importance of the security of the digital data and multimedia content published on our festival platform; this information is an essential part of our digital screening work. Hence, we work with internationally acclaimed providers, that offer solutions for online streaming used by leading film festivals and markets worldwide, in order to protect the content with MPA accredited DRM. Our platform provides following security and access parameters for the content as well as for the users: -	Studio grade DRM: ensures playback can only occur on an authenticated video player. -	Advanced proxy detection: prevents viewing on accounts using a proxy server, including VPNs. -	Geoblocking Control: the accessibility of content in different territories. -	Concurrent stream restrictions: limits the number of devices a user can watch content on simultaneously. -	MPAA accordingly: in accordance with the security standards of Motion Picture Association of America 8.	ACCEPTANCE OF THE REGULATIONS The participation in SANFIC signifies the acceptance of the present regulations. In case of any conflict, SANFIC will maintain their sovereignty, following the regulations of the FIAPF regarding the manifestations of international film. The festival organizer holds the right over decision making in case of situations not included in these regulations. Chilean Feature Films Feature Films																							 >60'																															   											   			 (2024+) No Fee Submissions deadline 26 May 25 Save up 0$ Submit Solo Largometrajes nacionales o coproducciones. International Feature Films Feature Films																							 >60'																															   											   			 (2024+) Standard Fee 30$ -8% 27.6$ Submissions deadline 26 May 25 Save up 2.4$ Submit ONLY CHILEAN  SHORT FILMS Short Films																																		 30'<																				   											   			 (2024+) No Fee Submissions deadline 26 May 25 Save up 0$ Submit - Only Chilean Shortfilms - Runtime max 30 min. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy