InHouse Print Residency | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity inhouse print residency Nopoint Atelier Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: улица 2-ра, Kormyansko, Bulgaria Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Printmaking Overview The Print Residency Program at Nopoint Atelier is created to provide artists with time and space to explore, research, and exchange ideas while having access to a fully equipped silkscreen and risograph studio. Its focus is on offering technical support and guidance from a professional who has worked with these printing techniques in order to provide artists with a better understanding of the process of screen and riso printing. During the program, artists will go through all stages of creating a silkscreen and/or risograph print edition - from the creative part of designing, through file separation, mixing paints, exposing screens, printing, and signing the edition. Artists receive technical guidance and assistance on a case-to-case basis, helping them understand and consider the possibilities and restrictions that screen and riso printing hold. Artists are supported in exploring possible problematic points, finding solutions, and making sure they end up with a well-prepared file, ready for printing. And then comes the actual work - the preparation for printing and printing itself. The InHouse Print Residency is all about visiting us at Nopoint for two weeks to provide yourself with the time and space to focus on your work, explore silkscreen and riso printing with our support, experiment, exchange ideas, and see what an unknown environment will bring your way. Three dates are available for the 2025 season: 21 July - 4 August 18 August - 1 September 15 September - 29 September Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post InHouse Print Residency Nopoint Atelier InHouse Print Residency Nopoint Atelier Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect