SOLO AI ’25 Awards (Spain) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Competitions & Awards The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. SOLO AI ’25 Awards (Spain) Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary , Digital / New Media Destination countries: Spain SOLO AI AWARD, organised by SOLO, invites global artists and creators to investigate the convergences between contemporary creative practices and artificial intelligence. SOLO AI ‘25 AWARD invites artistic and speculative exploration of the cognitive and epistemological implications of interacting with the foundational models, embedded systems and multimodal architectures of generative artificial intelligences. In the face of discourses that polarise the human and the machine as opposing entities, it can be recognised that AI beyond being understood as a simple tool, implies in itself a logical re-organisation that leads us to interrogate new ways of not only sensing the world, but also of sense-making and orientation in a present that requires new frameworks of thought. The third edition of the prize seeks to encourage projects that reflect on these new infrastructures of meaning, constructing artistic artefacts from perspectives and imaginaries that work on new ways of thinking in order to confront the contemporary world. The selected project will be presented in one of the SOLO exhibition spaces in Madrid at the end of 2025. This international call, focusing on digital art and new media, will award the sum of 10,000 EUR for the production of an artistic project to be presented at one of its venues. The exhibition design and any decision to adapt the work to the exhibition space will be taken jointly by SOLO’s curatorial team and the winner. For this purpose, an endowment of up to 5,000 EUR will be allocated. SOLO will cover the travel, accommodation and living expenses related to the artist’s presence at the public presentation of the work. Deadline: 11 May 2025 More info & apply Technology & New Media Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Mobility Funding Guide to Spain Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap