Common Grounds: Residency on Urban and Rural Regeneration 2025 (Bulgaria, France, Spain) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Common Grounds: Residency on Urban and Rural Regeneration 2025 (Bulgaria, France, Spain) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Architecture , Cross-disciplinary , Digital / New Media , Performing Arts , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Bulgaria , France , Spain Read this call in: Bulgarian Common Grounds project brings together artists, researchers, and local communities to address the underlying issues of urban and rural regeneration. Led by a consortium of three partners — La Citadelle de Marseille (FRA), Gradoscope (BG), and Fundación RIA (ESP) — the project aims to build collaborations that will be woven around three European sites facing soil pollution issues, engaging a diverse range of people and expertise: Stochna Gara, Sofia (Bulgaria), a disused freight railway station in downtown Sofia, La Citadelle de Marseille (France) a former military site in the heart of the city, and Froxán communal land community, Galicia (Spain), a wooded area formerly home to mines dedicated to war munitions production. Through artist residencies and collaborations between ecologists, artists, mediators, residents, public authorities, and businesses, Common Grounds aims to create new narratives and perspectives on the role of soil in contemporary societies. The project is open to any proposal that could range from physical interventions to video installations and performances. Artists from all fields are invited to participate, including visual art, architecture, video, photography, arts and crafts, performing arts, installation, and digital arts. One local artist will be selected for joint research and production residency at each of the partner spaces. The residency programme lasts for six months between June and December 2025. Residency dates are: Sofia, Bulgaria, 2 June – 27 July 2025 Marseille, France, 18 August – 12 October 2025. Galicia, Spain, 27 October – 21 December 2025 There are no limits on nationality, age, race, ethnicity, religion and gender. However, candidates must be settled in either Marseille (France), Sofia (Bulgaria), or Galicia (Spain). The award for each artist selected will include artistic fees (2,000–3,00 EUR/residency), housing fees for non-local artists (400–500 EUR/month), production grants (2,000–5,000 EUR/residency), and the coverage of transportation costs (250–400 EUR/trip). Each partner will provide working spaces and human support during the residency period. Deadline: 13 April 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Environment & Sustainability Site-responsive Work Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Bulgaria Mobility Funding Guide to France Mobility Funding Guide to Spain GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap