SERENITY prospectus | Call for Art | Online Juried Art Exhibit Skip to content Menu Menu Galleries Artists CALLS FOR ART SUPPORT RESOURCES ABOUT CONTACT SERENITY prospectus Fallen Leaves by Cap Pannell, oil on canvas enter SERENITY Art Fluent invites artists worldwide to submit artwork to our online exhibit, SERENITY. THEME For this call for art, we’re looking for artwork that whispers, not shouts. Serenity is the state of being calm, peaceful, and untroubled. It embodies a sense of tranquility, clarity, and harmony, free from stress or chaos. However you define calm, we want to see it. Show us SERENITY from your perspective. CALENDAR JPEGs due by Friday, June 27, 2025 at midnight MST. Click here for a quick time zone converter. Notification of acceptance and online gallery opening by Friday, July 25, 2025. AWARDS All accepted pieces will be displayed in our online gallery at www.art-fluent.com Best of Show: $750 Two Director’s Choice awards: $250 each ENTRY FEE $25 for first entry/$10 for each additional entry. You may enter up to 20 total. Payment is non-refundable and does not guarantee acceptance. For 3D work, there is no need to pay for additional entries for detail shots. Once your first entry is made, you may send additional views by email to hello@art-fluent.com . ELIGIBILITY This call is open to artists worldwide, both amateur and professional. Work that has been selected for previous exhibits with Art Fluent will not be considered. RULES Work that is copied or done under the guidance of an instructor is not eligible. Open to ALL fine art mediums (oil, acrylic, watermedia, pastel, drawing, printmaking, mixed media, photography, sculpture, fiber, wood, ceramics, film/video, digital art). AI will not be accepted . Diptychs and triptychs should be uploaded as a single image. SELECTION PROCESS Director’s choice. Each show is curated and juried by Creative Director, Amy Matteson Neill along with an anonymous committee of jurors. Please note, there is no personal feedback given by jurors. ​ENTRY PROCEDURE Entry is done through CaFÉ, a web-based service that allows artists to upload images and organize their artwork for submissions to galleries. To apply for a call, you must leave our website and go to the CaFÉ website at www.callforentry.org where you can create a FREE artist account. You will add your details and upload your images to CaFÉ and then you can submit work to SERENITY . If you have any questions, please contact us at hello@art-fluent.com we are happy to walk you through the process. MEDIA PREPARATION Please only submit properly cropped images of your work that are in focus. We have a free resource for artists for tips on how to get high quality images of your work. Visit www.art-fluent.com/resources for a free download. CaFÉ also offers tips on their blog which you can find here www.callforentry.org/photographing-artwork/ . All images must be in JPEG/JPG format using CaFÉ guidelines. The image size must be 1,200 pixels or greater on the longest side. Maximum file size is 5 mb. ​ Accepted video formats include MOV, MP4, WMV. Aspect ratio 4:3 or 16:9, resolution minimum 640x480, maximum 1920 x1080, bit rate recommended above 240 kbps, recommended frame rate 30 fps. File size must be under 100 MB. If your video work has been selected for the exhibit, we kindly request that you provide us with the file link via Vimeo. NOTIFICATION Notification will be done by email, everyone who submits will be notified of the juror’s selections. If for any reason you do not hear from us by the notification date, please check the filters in your email account. Notification emails are sent to the email on file with CaFÉ. SALES All sales inquiries will be directed to the artist’s website and/or contact information. For any artwork that is sold, the artists receive 100% of the sale. GIVING BACK A portion of the proceeds from the entry fees is donated to organizations committed to the arts and supporting artists. REQUIRED FORMS Cash awards over $600 are subject to federal income tax withholding within the United States. A W-9 form must be filled out by the winner and submitted to Art Fluent, Inc. REGULATIONS By entering our calls for art through CaFÉ you are agreeing to be added to Art Fluent's email list for forthcoming artist opportunities. By submitting images, you agree that the images are your own work, nothing copied, you own all rights to the images, and you take full responsibility for the content of all images, including the likeness of recognizable individuals. The actual artwork will remain the property of the artist, our mission is to promote artists and their work. Should your work be accepted, you grant Art Fluent the right to reproduce your image on our website, on social media, and where appropriate to help promote our online exhibitions. Art Fluent will always credit you and your copyright wherever feasible. We will not use your image for any other purpose without the artist’s permission. enter SERENITY Galleries Artists CALLS FOR ART SUPPORT RESOURCES ABOUT CONTACT Impacting the arts and empowering artists through online exhibitions, artist funding, and educational resources. Stay Connected 1 Washington Mall #1218 | Boston, MA 02108 email link hello@art-fluent.com follow along on instagram Subscribe to Stay Fluent Privacy Policy . Website by ELQ . ©2020-2023 Art Fluent, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Art Fluent® is a registered trademark of Art Fluent, Inc. and is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Search Art Fluent Search More results... Close Search Art Fluent Search More results...