Ars Electronica: Artists at Risk ‘State of the ART(ist)’ 2025 (Online, Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Competitions & Awards The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Ars Electronica: Artists at Risk ‘State of the ART(ist)’ 2025 (Online, Austria) Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Austria Read this call in: German An initiative of Ars Electronica and the Austrian Federal Ministry for European and International Affairs, State of the ART(ist) is aimed at artists working under existential threat – be it through political repression, war, surveillance or social inequality. The initiative highlights the urgency of the drastic situation for artists in many countries in order to raise the global question of where political influence and aggression prevent artists from fulfilling their important role for and in society. A particular focus is on the contribution of art to international understanding and cultural diplomacy: State of the ART(ist) sees itself as a long-term offer for artists in danger and as a call for global solidarity through the language of art. Projects can be submitted by artists whose livelihoods are severely affected by the effects of the following threatening situations: Conflict zones and political persecution Restrictions on freedom of expression Environmental crises Economic and systemic exploitation The State of the ART(ist) initiative is looking for (collective) works, projects and actions at the intersection of art and human rights. (Micro-)performances, pop-up grassroots movements (whether active or inactive), social software, AI projects as well as (e)rights or advocacy projects can be submitted. There are no restrictions regarding formats. Individuals as well as collectives can submit – Artists, creatives, curators, writers, critics, scientists, entrepreneurs, associations, public institutions, NGOs, or private enterprises (not limited to), no matter if individuals or groups, can enter the open call. Anonymous submissions are possible. The jury will award a Main Prize of 6,000 EUR as well as two Awards of Distinction of 2,000 EUR each and seven Honorary Mentions. Selected projects will be presented in a physical exhibition at the Ars Electronica Festival from 3 to 7 September wherever possible and 10 selected projects will be presented in the virtual Kunsthalle. Deadline: 31 May 2025 More info & apply Human Rights Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap