Call for Applications: SensoryScapes Performance Art Residency – Studio 88 Artist Residency Studio 88 Artist Residency A space for making and thinking in Chiangmai Search Icon Search for: Menu Toggle Icon Skip to content About The Team Testimonials Services The Residency Residency Costs Residency FAQs Artists in Residence Apply Now Current Open Calls Past calls News Events Community Resources Media Contact Sign up to our newsletter Call for Applications: SensoryScapes Performance Art Residency April 15, 2025 May 19, 2025 Studio88 The residency will take place  from November 1 – December 12, 2025. Submission by 30 June 2025. Call for Applications SensoryScapes Performance Art Residency A space for artists and performers to an immersive journey into the world of performance arts. Residency Dates: 1 November – 12 December 2025 (Duration: 3–6 weeks) Submission Deadline: 30 June 2025 Apply here ! The SensoryScapes Performance Art residency aims to empower performance practitioners by offering space, resources, and growth opportunities. Collaboratively spearheaded by Studio 88 Artist Residency and the talented Artistic Director Chaiwat Lochotinant of the Base Box Theatre and Len Yai Performance Project by Chiang Mai Design Week, this residency emphasizes both local and international collaboration, fostering creative exchange and experimentation within Chiang Mai’s rich cultural landscape. During the residency, artists will explore various mediums including directing, movement, music, light, sound, visuals, storytelling, and technology. Through masterclasses, workshops, and open studios, participants will be encouraged to push boundaries and challenge conventions. Collaboration between local and international artists is encouraged, fostering the exchange of ideas and constructive feedback. Key components of the residency include: Experimentation, exchange, and knowledge sharing across cultural and disciplinary boundaries. Workshops to share skills and techniques with fellow artists and local communities. Sharing sessions to discuss artistic journeys and perspectives on performing arts. Presentations of existing artwork with Q&A sessions. On & On Performance at Base Box Theatre 2024 We encourage artists from all disciplines to participate. We invite proposals for projects that blend design principles with performing arts, such as Design Thinking for Performance, Set Design, Costume Design, Projection Mapping, Interactive Performance Installations, Sound Design, Collaborative Performance, Experimental Stage Productions, Digital Choreography, Environmental Performance Design, and Integration of art, design, and technology (including augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR), Literary Arts (poetry, prose, spoken word), Sound & Music, Film & Multimedia and Visual Arts as well as Cross-disciplinaries. The residency will culminate in public events, including performances and exhibitions, grounded in rigorous research and experimentation. Curated by our team, the aim is to resonate with audiences, provoke thought, and inspire meaningful dialogue. Artists may propose to: Rehearse and showcase existing work Work on existing projects that the artist(s) wish to further develop during the residency Create a new body of (solo-) work during the residency Collaborative work with local artists during the residency, artist is required to do minimum 4-6 weeks residency Fire Performance as part of Len Yai Performance at Chiang  Mai Design Week 2024 What does the Residency include? • Time and space to develop new and/or existing work • Engaging discussions with fellow artists and curators • Studio visits, workshops, and public sharing sessions • Access to the vibrant artistic and cultural landscape of Studio 88 • Artist profile promotion on our website and social media platforms • Networking opportunities for potential collaborations • Basic research assistance • Administrative support on-site • Private accommodation in a self-contained bungalow • Private working space in the bungalow and shared studio space • Basic equipment and technical support from our technical team What does the Showcase include? Rehearsal studio/space and basic equipment and technical support from our technical team Showcase venues (to be considered based on project nature and space availability) Promotion of the public event Application Process To apply, please complete the online application form and provide the following supporting documents: • CV • 100-word biographical note • 250-word statement outlining why you would like to participate in the programme and the work you propose to develop • Indication of preferred residency period, 3-6 weeks Residency Fee There is no application fee. The residency fee will be applied only upon acceptance, based on the residency fee and services listed on our website. Selection Process Studio 88 will select the participating artists. Selected artists will be notified via email in mid-July 2025. Read more about Studio 88 Artist Residency on our website. This call is developed in partnership with Dr Chaiwat Lochotinant , Artistic Director, Base Box Theatre and Len Yai Performance Project by Chiang Mai Design Week. Share this: Click to share on X (Opens in new window) X Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Facebook Like Loading... Related News , Open calls artist residency , artistresidencyasia , artistresidencythailand , CallforApplications , CallforArtists , Chiang Mai , featured , PerformanceArt , studio88artistresidency , thailand Post navigation ← Testimonial – Richard Henley Testimonial – Peter Berner → Check out our space Self-contained bungalows of Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Studio 88 Artist Residency Bedroom, Chiangmai Bamboo grove around Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Self-contained bungalows at Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Space for relaxing at Studio 88 Artist Residency Chiangmai Garden environment at Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Studio 88 Artist Residency Bedroom, Chiangmai Home-cooked meals at Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Studio 88 Artist Residency Kitchenette, Chiangmai Fresh herbs sourced locally at Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Home-cooked meals at Studio 88 Artist Residency, Chiangmai Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Facebook Sign up to our newsletter Submitting form For our occasional emails with news, opportunities and events, sign up here. By clicking submit, you agree to share your email address with Studio 88 Artist Residency and Mailchimp. Processing… Success! You're on the list. Whoops! There was an error and we couldn't process your subscription. Please reload the page and try again. About Studio 88 Artist Residency is in the northern Thai town of Doi Saket, 30 minutes from the creative city of Chiang Mai. Studio 88 is driven by a desire to connect creative thinkers and contribute to local communities. Contact studio88artistresidency@gmail.com Location 88 Moo 7 Tambol Loung Nua Doi Saket District, Chiang Mai 50220, Thailand Blog at WordPress.com. Scroll to Top Reblog Subscribe Subscribed Studio 88 Artist Residency Join 25 other subscribers Sign me up Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now. Studio 88 Artist Residency Subscribe Subscribed Sign up Log in Copy shortlink Report this content View post in Reader Manage subscriptions Collapse this bar Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website %d