Prizes and Awards: OPEN CALL | Videomapping and Light Art Event "Freiheitsleuchten" Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Prizes and Awards OPEN CALL | Videomapping and Light Art Event "Freiheitsleuchten" Updated: 19 June 2025 The City of Mühlhausen invites you to creatively reinterpret its historic old town through light art, projections, and videomapping  — as part of the 2025 commemorative program "freiheyt 1525 – 500 Years of the Peasants’ War". We are seeking contemporary visual works that engage with themes of freedom, resistance, social transformation, and memory. Eligibility : Anyone What you get : One of the featured sites, Marienkirche, is part of a competition with a 10,000 Euro prize for the winning videomapping concept. For all other locations, artists are invited to submit a concept along with a budget proposal. Deadline 30 June 2025 Organiser: Genius Loci Weimar, Mühlhausen, Germany Locations: Europe Apply Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025