Cultivamos Cultura: ‘Bom Dia’ OASis Residency 2025 (Portugal) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Cultivamos Cultura: ‘Bom Dia’ OASis Residency 2025 (Portugal) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists, Researchers & Critics Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Portugal In 2025, one proposal will be selected to join the ‘Bom Dia’ OASis Residency, at Cultivamos Cultura (Portugal) for a period of 7 to 30 days during the month of September. This call is open to international creators, artists, or researchers from various fields and disciplines, as well as practitioners and experts that operate at the intersection of culture and other disciplines. The ‘Bom Dia’ resident will be a part of the OASis residency programme. The residency activities can include interaction within the local community (this can be in the form of artist talk, walks, workshops, open studio visits, etc). The town of São Luís and the county of Odemira has a vibrant and culturally rich community, and the organisers encourage residents to immerse themselves in this dynamic atmosphere. Additionally, the residency fosters collaboration between creators and the community, while also cultivating synergies between different residencies. The residents must produce an output that will be included in the group exhibition of the OASis project in 2027. Documentation of the residency will be presented on webpages and social media of the partners and the project itself. Cultivamos Cultura expects an output to be added to its collection at the end of the residency. Results and documentation of the residency may be in the format of interactive result-oriented workshops, joint art events, video and audio recordings, performance, installation, etc. This residency includes: A limited budget for travel of up to 500 EUR Accommodation Access to a shared kitchen equipped for meal preparation An artist fee of 1,300 EUR Equitable per diem for food Production/material expenses up to a maximum of 1,600 EUR Free access to all spaces and resources of Cultivamos Cultura Access to a workspace/studio for the duration of the residency period Deadline: 15 April 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Social Engagement Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap