CROSS-LOOKING: East-West Artistic Residencies | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity cross-looking: east-west artistic residencies NOOR Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Photography Overview NOOR, Organ Vida International Photography Festival, and the National Gallery of Armenia invite visual artists to apply for CROSS-LOOKING: East-West Artistic Residencies – a European project exploring image circulation across the East-West regions, intercultural narratives, and the contemporary boundaries of visual storytelling and documentary practices. CROSS-LOOKING investigates the role of visual storytelling in shaping East-West relations in Europe and the Near East. Through a series of artistic residencies, the project fosters deep engagement with historical and contemporary cultural connections while critically rethinking the documentary genre. Participants will receive mentorship from local tutors who employ art-based methodologies to guide their artistic research and practice within each residency's unique cultural landscape. This programme offers a rare opportunity to engage with the cultural exchange between Europe and the Near East, while expanding the possibilities of visual storytelling by revisiting these historically connected places with fresh perspectives. CROSS-LOOKING seeks artists committed to more balanced, empathetic approaches through visual arts, as well as individuals who are aware of the pernicious issues related to representing the "other," particularly in relation to the East. Each residency offers selected artists the opportunity to explore local socio-political narratives, contribute to a transnational artistic dialogue, and experiment with innovative storytelling methodologies. More information about the context and inspiration behind this project can be found below. We are offering four 12-day residencies in key artistic and cultural locations during the following months (exact dates TBC): Yerevan, Armenia – September 2025 Istanbul, Turkey – November 2025 Cairo, Egypt – January 2026 Rome, Italy – March 2026 The residencies will take place in carefully selected arts spaces that resonate with the cultural fabric of each city, fostering meaningful artistic exchanges. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post CROSS-LOOKING: East-West Artistic Residencies NOOR CROSS-LOOKING: East-West Artistic Residencies NOOR Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect