Professional Development: Call for Papers: Co-Authored Narratives Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Professional Development Call for Papers: Co-Authored Narratives Updated: 05 June 2025 "Side is hosting ""Co-Authored Narratives", a symposium exploring collective authorship approaches to film and photography as a distinctive artistic practice. The symposium will address: how can co-authored creative practices challenge dominant ways of making and telling stories? We’re calling for papers on artistic methodologies that prioritise shared narratives, embedded practices, and co-created community involvement. This includes work across all lens based media, where creative collaboration and long-term social engagement are used to produce authentic representations of lived experiences." Eligibility : We welcome proposals from artists, researchers, curators, educators, and collectives working across disciplines. Presentations may take the form of artistic research, community projects, films, installations, or provocations. We particularly encourage voices from working-class, post-industrial, and regional backgrounds, and those exploring how creative collaboration can speak to contemporary issues - from climate justice to inequality.  This is an opportunity to come together, reflect on methods of making that centre care, trust, and collaboration - and consider how these practices can shape the future of socially engaged art. What you get : Selected applicants will share their work at a respected venue for socially engaged documentary practice, gaining critical feedback and dialogue with peers and curators. They’ll be published in a post-symposium print piece, contributing to an emerging body of research. It’s a chance to test ideas publicly, connect with a network of practitioners, and be visible to Side’s curatorial team. £150 is offered if not institutionally funded. Travel support letters available. Deadline 30 June 2025 Organiser: Side, Newcastle upon Tyne Apply Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025