RENASCENCE at the Limner Gallery HOME PAGE EVENTS LIST EMAIL Above: Rebeccah Klodt, Untitled Diptych, 8" x 
	14", Mixed media (from Renascence 
	I, 2023) New and Emerging 
	Art Deadline November 11, 2023 (entry links at bottom of 
	page ) SlowArt Productions presents the group exhibition, Renascence .
    The 
	exhibition will be held at the
    Limner Gallery from March 1 - 23, 2024. Renascence , the first 
	exhibition of our 2024 season, will focus on New and Emerging Art . 
	The exhibition is open to all artists, National and International, working 
	in any media. GUIDELINES AND RULES BELOW CLICK HERE FOR QUICK EMAIL ENTRY Above: 
		Carol Chave, Trilogy: Encapsuled Emotions, 38" x 30" each, Fiber 
		painting (from Renascence 1, 
		2023) ELIGIBILITY AND RESTRICTIONS: The competition is open to all artists,
    national and international, working in all media. All forms of painting, drawing,
    sculpture, photography, graphics, digital and installation art, video, etc. are eligible.
    Entrants must be 18 years of age or older to apply. Wall mounted works must not be taller
    than 72" no wider than 96".  Sculptural work must fit through a standard
    height, 36"wide entry door. EXHIBITION : Accepted artists will be featured in a group exhibition at the Limner Gallery, 
	March 1 - 23, 2024. The exhibition will also be displayed on the Limner Gallery web site 
	and  social media pages. EXHIBITION TERMS : All works in the show
    must be for sale. The gallery will take a 35 percent commission on all sales. Sale price
    is determined by the artist. ENTRY FEES :  There is a $35.00 entry
    fee for one to four artworks entered, presentation is by digital JPG (JPEG) image files. 
	There is a $5.00 fee for each additional artwork above four. 
	Ten image maximum entry may be submitted for $50. Sculptors may provide one additional view per artwork without cost.
    Artists accepted to exhibit will not be charged additional fees of any kind . Payments by credit card at time of entry using PayPal, or check or money order payable to SlowArt
    Productions . IMAGE USE / COPYRIGHTS: Artist retains
    all copyrights to submitted images and represented artwork.  Digital images submitted
    with artist entry are for exhibition selection only and will be deleted after completion
    of the selection process. By entering the competition, artists selected to exhibit grant
    Limner Gallery rights to use the selected image(s) on printed materials and the gallery
    web site for promotional purposes only. Limner Gallery and/or SlowArt retain no copyrights
    to artists work. NOTIFICATION: Artists will be notified
    of acceptance or non-acceptance no later than December 10, 2023. 
	Notification will by by posting the results on or
    before this date at: http://www.slowart.com/results Notification will also be made via email, however, due to spam and email 
	unreliability, the results web page is the official confirmation. PRIVACY POLICY: Artist contact
    information (address, telephone) is only held for the purpose of contacting selected
    artists and is not preserved in any database. Entry emails are deleted on the completion of the jury process. 
	Artists have the option to join or decline joining the gallery mailing list 
	at time of notification. ENTRY DEADLINE : The deadline is 
	November 11, 2023. Entries must be submitted via email by
    midnight on this date. Above left: Robindeep Singh, 
	Presence; Center: Christina Buscarino, Connection; Above right: Andrea 
	A. Gluckman, Polluted Dream (from Renascence I, 2023) IMAGE SUBMISSION GUIDELINES Email Entry : All entries are via email 
	with individual images attached (do not submit ZIP files).  In lieu of 
	attachments, images can be posted to a web page and the direct link provided 
	to that page.  Attached image files must be in JPG (or JPEG) format. Images 
	posted to a web
    page should not be download restricted. Emailed images should not be larger 
	than 2500 pixels (approx.) on the longest side. CLICK HERE TO ENTER YOUR ARTWORK If you have questions, email slowart@aol.com