Insólito: International Horror & Fantasy Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (5) Submit Insólito: Festival Internacional de Cine Fantástico (8) Insólito: International Horror & Fantasy Film Festival Deadlines 01 Feb 2025 Call for entries 07 Jul 2025 Final deadline 8 days 30 Aug 2025 Notification date 23 Oct 2025 02 Nov 2025 Address Calle Bernardo Alcedo Lince  Lima, 11, Lima, Lima, Peru Festival description Short film festival 30'< Feature film festival >60' Accredited Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Genres Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location January 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  30'< Feature Films  >60' Any language Subtitles Spanish Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 8) Festival start: 23 October 2025     
							Festival end: 02 November 2025 INSÓLITO Fantastic Film Festival is the most important consolidated event of genre cinema (horror, fantastic, science fiction, exploitation, trash and similar) in Peru and is currently in its eighth edition. Since its creation, the Festival has sought to vindicate unconventional ways of making films, including national and international proposals in its exhibitions and competitions, disseminating the best films that have been made worldwide on this topic. Visit us at: Web: insolitofestival.com Ig: @insolitofest Fb: InsolitoFest Tiktok: https://www.tiktok.com/@insolitofestival?_t=ZS-8tYatkgQSeO&_r=1 The festival will take place the weeks from October 23 to November 2 in the city of Lima. Dare to experience a very unusual future Prizes and qualifications AWARDS In the International Feature Film and Short Film Competitions, a winner will be designated, who will obtain the Official Laurels of the festival and the famous INSÓLICAT trophies: Gato Negro Trophy for best feature film Gato Blanco Trophy for best short film In the Peruvian Competition, a winner will be designated, who will obtain the Official Laurels of the festival, as well as specialized advice in the development of their next project. Gato Mestizo Trophy for best Peruvian film The Awards Gala will be held on Sunday, November 2, 2025. Rules CALL 8th INSÓLITO INSOLITO INTERNATIONAL FANTASTIC FILM FESTIVAL LIMA - PERU, 2025 COMPETENCES The Insólito Festival has three competitions: International Feature Film Festival, to which productions of any worldwide origin, whose duration exceeds 60 minutes, may apply. These films must have been produced after January 1, 2023. Short Film International, to which films of any worldwide origin, whose maximum duration is 30 minutes, may apply. These films must have been produced after January 1, 2023. Peruvian Competition, to which national productions may apply regardless of their duration. These films must have been produced after January 1, 2023. Free registration. SAMPLES Peruvian Panorama: films of any length, any year and any place in Peru. Submit your film completely free. Only genre films (horror, horror, fantasy, science fiction, bizarre humor, trash, gore, action, adventure, fantasy animation, martial arts, musical, etc.). Insolikito: Genre films aimed at childhood and adolescence, only spoken or dubbed in Spanish, of any length and made in any year. Tributes and Spotlights: selection of short and feature-length genre films in alliance with other fantastic film festivals and tributes to films made by masters of cinema. *** The Insólito Festival, through its programming team, may include productions that do not align with any of these requirements in any of the different competitions. CONDITIONS The open call, application and reception of works is from Saturday, February 1 to Monday, June 30, 2025. If the spoken language of the film is not Spanish, the viewing copies must necessarily have Spanish subtitles in an SRT file with the same name as the image file or, failing that, they must attach a dialogue guide (List of Dialogues or List of Subtitles) in Spanish, English or another language to facilitate translation. If the work is selected, the final technical specifications and promotional material requirements will be requested that must be met; Likewise, the festival has the right to request another copy with other specifications if necessary. The filmmakers must be the owners of the rights to the film and will be responsible for claims of any nature that third parties may make regarding them. By submitting their works, the participants fully accept the content of these rules and the regulations that are dictated in their development. Once selected, films cannot be withdrawn from the festival. Any doubt or gap in these rules will be resolved by the Artistic Directorate of the Festival. All participating films may be eligible to be shown in activities carried out by the Festival after the completion of its seventh edition for a period of one year, which will be communicated in advance to the filmmakers. Queries about aspects of the call, as well as any case not contemplated therein, will be resolved by the organizers of the Festival, by contacting the following email: programadoressinsolito@gmail.com RESULTS Those selected will be notified by the production of the Insólito Festival until August 15, 2025. Sending the projection file or set of files will represent the commitment and assurance of their participation. The list of selected films will be announced prior to the start of the Festival, as a first through their social networks; Therefore, absolute reservation must be maintained in case of being selected. The Insólito Festival will be responsible for the care of the films during and after the duration of this edition, which will be held in person from October 23 to November 2 of the current year. International Short Film Section Short Films																																		 30'< Standard Fee 4$ -8% 3.68$ Submissions deadline 07 Jul 25 Save up 0.32$ Submit Films from any country in the world, with a runtime of 30 minutes or less, completed after December 2020. Peruvian Competition Short and Feature Films No Fee Submissions deadline 07 Jul 25 Save up 0$ Submit Peruvian films of any length, completed after December 2020. International Feature Film Competition Short Films																							 >60' Standard Fee 4$ -8% 3.68$ Submissions deadline 07 Jul 25 Save up 0.32$ Submit Latin American films with a runtime of 60 minutes or more, completed after December 2020. Must be previously unreleased in Lima. Peruvian Panorama Section Short and Feature Films																															   											   			 (2021+) No Fee Submissions deadline 07 Jul 25 Save up 0$ Submit Peruvian films of any length, shown in past years to 2021. Insolikito Short and Feature Films No Fee Submissions deadline 07 Jul 25 Save up 0$ Submit Genre films aimed at childhood and adolescence, only spoken or dubbed in Spanish, of any length and made in any year. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy