FICVI, Festival Internacional de Curtmetratges de Vila-seca Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (3) Submit FICVI, Festival Internacional de Curtmetratges de Vila-seca (10) Deadlines 10 Apr 2025 Call for entries 08 Jun 2025 Festival closed 16 Sep 2025 Notification date 17 Oct 2025 26 Oct 2025 Address C/ Castillejos, 21, 43480, Vila-seca, Tarragona, Spain Festival description Short film festival >1' 30'< qualifying festival Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Does NOT have submission fees International Festival Physical Location July 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  >1' 30'< Any language Subtitles Catalan 
														                			Spanish 
														                			English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Catalan English Festival description (Edition: 10) Festival start: 17 October 2025     
							Festival end: 26 October 2025 FICVI, International Short Film Festival of Vila-seca is a festival focused on the exhibition of short films. It is organized by the Vila-seca Tourism Board and collaborates with the Academia de las Artes y las Ciencias Cinematográficas de España – Premios Goya as a Collaborating Contest in the Preselection of Short Films in the categories of Fiction and Animation for the Goya Awards. The X edition of the FICVI, Vila-seca International Short Film Festival will be held from October 17 to 26, 2025. Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 8,500€ - Honorary award for professional career - €1,000 - Best international animated short film award - €1,500 - Best national animated short film award - €1,500 This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Animated Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences. - Best international fictional short film award.  €1,500 - Best international fiction short film award - €1,500 This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Fiction Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences. - Best international documentary short film Award - €1,500 - Best national documentary short film Award - €1,500 This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Documentary Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences. - DO Catalonia Award - € 500 - Audience Award for the best short film - €500 - 1st IN SITU Award – €700 - 2nd IN SITU Award – €300 Rules 1. GOALS FICVI is a festival specialized in the short film format that wants to celebrate and bring the best international and national cinema to the town of Vila-seca, betting on emerging, daring and diverse cinema, both as a theme and also as a genre. FICVI aims to promote cinematography in general. It also supports short film directors and creates a reference space where they can promote their work. 2. PROGRAMME The programme of the Vila-seca International Short Film Festival is structured into two competitive sections: Official Selection: includes short films of less than 30 minutes from the following genres: fiction, documentary and animation (with date release after July 1, 2023). IN SITU: short films of less than 3 minutes created by inhabitants of Vila-seca and the Tarragona region on a theme determined by the festival organization, located in Vila-seca. It will be accompanied by a training workshop to develop the works. The official call for the workshop and the complete rules of the section will be announced on July 15, 2025. All films in competition must be animated, fiction or documentary shorts. A short film is defined as any work with a cinematic intention of less than 30 minutes. The programmed films must not have been released (commercially or broadcast on television) in Spain and, preferably, must not have been previously screened at any festival in Spain. The selection of short films is the responsibility of the festival's programming team, which selects all the titles that make up the different sections. Gender parity will be taken into account in the selection of short films. *The organization reserves the right to exceptionally program short films already shown previously. 3. AWARDS Honorary award for professional career - €1,000 Best Catalan and/or Spanish animated short film Award This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Animated Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences - €1,500 Best international fiction short film award.  All fiction short films in the OFFICIAL SECTION are eligible for this award - €1,500 Best Catalan and/or Spanish fiction short film Award. This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Fiction Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences - €1,500 Best Catalan and/ or Spanish documentary short film Award This award is the automatic preselection in the category of Best Documentary Short Film by the Goya Awards from the Spanish Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences- €1,000 DO Catalonia Award – €500 Audience Award for the best short film - €500 1st IN SITU Award – €700 2nd IN SITU Award – €300 None of the awards indicated in these rules may be declared void. The production companies and directors of the short films, when registering their works to the FICVI Vila-seca International Curtmetratges Festival, accept that, in the event of obtaining any of the prizes awarded by the festival, will include a written reference of this award on each and every copy of the short film that they distribute for exhibition in commercial theaters, DVDs, the Internet and/or audiovisual events, as well as in all printed informative and promotional material (press-books, posters, etc.) This reference will consist of a text with the type of the award won, accompanied by the name of the festival. Directors or producers will have to previously ensure that the content of their work does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties and exempt the Organizing Committee from any legal responsibility. The jury's decision and the selection of the programming team are final and no correspondence will be maintained regarding their decisions. *All prizes will be subject to applicable legal withholdings. 4. JURY The selection of the winning works will be designated by 2 types of juries. Official Section Jury IN SITU Jury This will be designated by the organization and made up of representatives from the field of culture and audiovisual media. The jury's decisions will be final. The Audience Award will be decided by festival attendees. If it is considered essential to award a prize ex aequo, the amount will be divided among the works considered. 5. OFFICIAL SECTION 5.1 REGISTRATIONS Short films can be registered exclusively through the platform Festhome. Short film registrations will be formalized by the directors, producers or their legal representatives. The registration period begins on April 10, 2025 and ends on June 8, 2025.Registrations that arrive with a later date will not be accepted. Once the work is selected, it cannot be removed from the Festival programming. Works of an advertising nature will not be admitted. Directors or producers will have to previously ensure that the content of their work does not infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties and exempt the Organizing Committee from any legal responsibility. If the submitted short film is not the original version in Catalan or Spanish, it will be necessary to include subtitles in English and ideally also in Catalan and/or Spanish. The registration of a work in this festival implies acceptance of its rules. 5.3 SELECTION A committee will make a prior selection of the works presented and the name of the selected works will be communicated by email, with sufficient advance notice, to all participants, producers and/or directors of the registered short films. Some fragments of the selected works may be used for the dissemination and/or promotion of the festival in the media (official trailer). The selected short films will be publicly screened on the days of the festival. The Artistic Direction of the Festival reserves the right to choose the section where the films will be exhibited. You will be notified of the selection between July 14th to 21st. Non-selected works will receive notification a maximum of one month before the celebration of the FICVI 2025. Selection at the FICVI, Vila-seca International Short Film Festival entails acceptance of these rules. 5.3 MATERIALS The short films will be screened in their original version. Those that are spoken in Catalan or Spanish will not need to have subtitles. Those that are in a foreign language will be presented in V.O. subtitled in Catalan or Spanish. Short films must have a screening copy available in ProRes or H264 file. The festival will not accept screening copies that do not meet the minimum exhibition conditions. Each selected short film representative must send to the festival: A copy of the short film with subtitles in Catalan or Spanish if the short film is in another language. Screener link of the short film subtitled in English, according to the original language of the production. The selected short films will receive a registration form (Entry Form), along with the screening agreement at the festival (Screening Agreement) and these Regulatory Terms. The person who has the rights to the documentary will sign the screening agreement authorizing participation in the Festival and will be solely responsible towards other people or companies that may have participated in the documentary. The Entry Form must be returned completed within the deadlines agreed upon in the FICVI. Other necessary materials for the selected works: - Biofilmography of the Director/Producer. - 1 Photocopy of the Director/Producer's ID. - 1 Photograph of the Director in *.jpeg format at 300 pixels resolution. - 3 photographs of scenes from the short film in *.jpeg format at 300 pixels resolution. - Poster and other promotional materials (paper and .jpg) - Subtitled works must attach a .srt file 5.4 DIFUSSION RIGHTS The Vila-seca International Short Film Festival reserves the right to record excerpts from the selected short films in order to disseminate the programming in the media and on social networks. The participation in the Festival involves the use of the short film on an exclusively promotional and non-profit basis through the use of images, cuts, fragments and/or photographs of the short film, among other manifestations thereof, or of the short film and/or its soundtrack. Likewise, the festival may use the image of the participants and winners for the sole purposes of the selection procedure and the promotional events and awards ceremony. The use of the short films and the image of the participants and winners described above may be carried out in any medium, support and/or mode of exploitation, including the rights of reproduction, distribution, public communication and making available to the public (always within the framework of what is established in the present stipulation of this Regulation) and does not entail any type of obligation and/or remuneration either in cash or in kind by the FICVI Festival in favor of the owners of the short films. 5.5 ASSISTANCE TO FICVI The intention of the Vila-seca International Short Film Festival is that the screenings are accompanied by a presentation of the short film team. The organization will invite a member of the short film team and will assume, if necessary and subject to the possibilities of the festival budget, transportation and accommodation costs in Vila-seca. Participation in the FICVI, Vila-seca International Short Film Festival entails acceptance of these rules. The Organizing Committee may resolve any issue not contemplated in the rules. Their decisions will be final. Secció Oficial - Animació Short Films																							 >1'																																		 30'< No Fee Submissions deadline 08 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit Official section that wants to show animation short films directed by emerging local and international filmmakers who are committed to daring, original, unique and quality cinema. Official Section - Fiction Short Films																							 >1'																																		 30'< No Fee Submissions deadline 08 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit Official section that wants to show fiction short films directed by emerging local and international filmmakers who are committed to daring, original, unique and quality cinema. Official Section - Documentary Short Films																							 >1'																																		 30'< No Fee Submissions deadline 08 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit Official section that wants to show documentary short films directed by emerging local and international filmmakers who are committed to daring, original, unique and quality cinema. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy