Les Percussions de Strasbourg: Artistic Director Job (France) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Jobs Les Percussions de Strasbourg: Artistic Director Job (France) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Music & Sound Destination countries: France Read this call in: French Founded in 1962, the Percussions de Strasbourg is a major ensemble dedicated to creation and a pioneer of contemporary percussion worldwide. With over 400 works and an instrumentarium, the ensemble is dedicated to the creation, promotion and transmission of the music of today and the 20th century. With over 1,800 concerts in 70 countries and thirty albums, the ensemble performs regularly in dedicated festivals and on multidisciplinary stages in Strasbourg and its region, in France and abroad. The ensemble’s daily commitment to music transmission is reflected in its many educational initiatives, in particular with the public in the Hautepierre district of Strasbourg, where it has a permanent residence. Working under the authority of the association’s Board of Directors and in close collaboration with the General Delegate, the Artistic Director defines the ensemble’s artistic and cultural project and leads a careful analysis on strategic orientations, ensuring the coherence of the overall project. Within the scope of the association’s balanced budget, he or she develops an artistic approach that combines highlighting the history of Les Percussions de Strasbourg with innovative, forward-looking projects. He/she is responsible for the quality of artistic performances and for developing the ensemble’s reputation and influence. This is a full-time, permanent contract in the Executive, Group 1 according to the Convention Collective Nationale des Entreprises Artistiques et Culturelles . The position based in Strasbourg, France. The job starts in September 2026 after handover period. Deadline: 6 July 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Music Mobility Funding Guide - Focus on Europe Mobility Funding Guide to France Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap