University of Exeter: Ronald Duncan Stipends for Writers from a UNESCO City of Literature (UK) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. University of Exeter: Ronald Duncan Stipends for Writers from a UNESCO City of Literature (UK) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Literature Destination countries: United Kingdom Talented writers have the chance to explore the University of Exeter’s literary archives and bring unique documents and artefacts to life in new ways. The annual Ronald Duncan Stipends for South West Writing open the University’s Special Collections to serve as inspiration for new pieces of work. Designed for those who are passionate about archives, storytelling, and bringing history to life through writing, the stipends enable holders to create unique pieces of work or public outreach events inspired by their experience. Successful applicants will receive specialist guidance from the expert Special Collections team and will have access to a vibrant network of university partners and professionals Applicants can be at any stage of their career. EXCOL is offering: A dedicated writing space for 1–2 days per week Access to local, national, and international networks Opportunities to participate in EXCOL Partnership events, subject to scheduling The stipends will be awarded annually, running September to August. The timeline for working with the collections will be agreed upon between the stipend holder and Special Collections staff. However, all work, including any output or outreach activities, must be completed within the stipend year. Each year, a stipend may be offered in partnership with another organisation, and for 2025, this will extend to a writer from a UNESCO City of Literature through the support of Exeter City of Literature. The 2,000 GBP stipend supports people’s time and expenses, and there is also additional funding available for outreach and engagement activities. There is also up to 1,000 GBP to cover travel and accommodation expenses for writers from across the UNESCO Cities of Literature network. Deadline: 15 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to the United Kingdom Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap