International Prize for Humanist & Environmental Photography | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity international prize for humanist & environmental photography CCFD-Terre Solidaire Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Award or Prize Fees: No Artistic fields: Photography Overview The association called Comité Catholique contre la Faim et pour le Développement - Terre Solidaire (CCFD-Terre Solidaire, hereinafter referred to as 'the Organizer') is a French association under the law of 1901, whose declaration was published in the Official Journal on June 19, 1961, and was recognized as being of public utility by decree on June 8, 1984. It is domiciled at 4, rue Jean Lantier, 75001 Paris Cedex, France, and represented by Virginie Amieux, president of CCFDTerre Solidaire. CCFD-Terre Solidaire is organizing a photography award entitled 'Prix Photo CCFD-Terre Solidaire' to reward professional photographers for works on the theme of humanist and environmental photography (hereinafter the 'Award'). The Award will recognize three photographers for each edition with three main objectives: To reward a documentary project that has already been started To enable the continuation of this long-term project To invite photographers to collaborate with the Organizer The Award consists of three Prizes “Prix CCFD-Terre Solidaire” and one “Public Award”. The theme of the Prize is "Facing the World" and invites all photographers to portray our world, both fragile and resilient. This prize is rooted in humanist and environmental photography, as defined by the Organizer in the following way: this photographic genre corresponds to the work of CCFD-Terre Solidaire, which addresses both social and environmental issues. The idea is to place the human being at the heart of his or her environment and focus on those who are working for a more sustainable and fairer world. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post International Prize for Humanist & Environmental Photography CCFD-Terre Solidaire International Prize for Humanist & Environmental Photography CCFD-Terre Solidaire Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect