Mozarteum University: Staging Realities X-Reality-Lab Artist-in-Residence Programme 2025–26 for Media Artists and Collectives (Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies Mozarteum University: Staging Realities X-Reality-Lab Artist-in-Residence Programme 2025–26 for Media Artists and Collectives (Austria) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary , Digital / New Media , Performing Arts Destination countries: Austria Mozarteum University in Salzburg, Austria, invites media artists and artist collectives to apply for a funded residency to create an interactive, multi-user XR performance in the newly built X-Reality-Lab. The Lab features cutting-edge projection-based XR technology and is supported by the open-source software framework mozXR developed in cooperation with the Ars Electronica Futurelab. This call is seeking a media artist or artist collective to create an artwork – ideally, though not exclusively, within the realm of performing arts – that explores the boundaries of the X-Reality-Lab and its technical options in an innovative way. This residency is ideal for someone eager to contribute to the establishment of a new infrastructure for media art and setting the stage with experimental artwork. As the X-Reality-Lab and its wrapper software are still in development, access will be limited to a select group of users, offering an exclusive opportunity to engage with cutting-edge technology in an innovative setting. The production phase involves a minimum of three weeks in Salzburg in January–February 2026 and the presentation will be in March 2026. For the realisation of the artwork, the artist receives up to 40,000 EUR that should cover artists fees, material costs, travel and accommodation costs and potential subcontracting (e.g. developers, designers, musicians, actors etc.) costs. Further, the artist shall receive on-site support from Mozarteum University staff for setting up the work in the X-Reality-Lab. The core development of the project, however, must be carried out by the artist(s) or collective themselves. Deadline: 13 July 2025 More info & apply Art & Sciences Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap