51 edition FILMETS Badalona Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 PRO -83% Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (1) Submit FILMETS Badalona Film Festival (51) 51 edition FILMETS Badalona Film Festival Deadlines 01 Mar 2025 Call for entries 01 May 2025 Standard deadline 31 May 2025 Late deadline 31 May 2025 Festival closed 15 Sep 2025 Notification date 17 Oct 2025 26 Oct 2025 Address Sant Agustí, 11, 08915, Badalona, Barcelona, Spain Festival description Short film festival 30'< qualifying festival Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location June 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  30'< Any language Any language Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Catalan English Festival description (Edition: 51) Festival start: 17 October 2025     
							Festival end: 26 October 2025 FILMETS Badalona Film Festival, is an international short film festival with 50 years of history. It is a reference festival in Catalonia awarded by the Barcelona Provincial Council and is a prescriber of the Goya awards. Badalona celebrated the first edition of the old festival in 1971, on a biennial basis. The Amateur Cinema Section of the Museum was the entity that organized that international contest with the name 'Badalona World Amateur Cinema' and also held other contests such as Images (for members of the entity), the National Festival of Filmed Song (state wide) and the Religious Film and Human Values Contest (state wide). The entity collaborated with the main amateur film festivals in Catalonia, such as those held in Barcelona (Union of Amateur Filmmakers, the Catalonia Excursionist Center or the Barcelona Photographic Association) and others in Figueras, Terrassa, Valls, Mataró, Manresa, Vilanova i la Geltrú, etc. These festivals screened films in 8 mm, Super8, Single 8 and 16 mm, where works by amateur filmmakers Tomàs Mallol, Rafael Marcó, Enric Menal, Miquel Esparbé, Jan Baca, Toni Garriga, Tomàs Freixas, Arnal S. Licer, Josep Parra, Enrique Montón, Agustí and Rafel Argelich, Joan Vidal, etc. At the end of the 1980s, a new association was created, with the name of Badalona Independent Filmmakers, which took charge of the new festival, the Badalona International Film and Video Festival, until the end of the 1990s. In 2001, the Badalona City Council and Badalona Comunicació SA, with the support of historical members of the festival, launched the 27th edition of the new festival, under the name of FILMETS Badalona Film Festival. That new edition had 400 registered short films and 2,000 viewers and was the starting point and the new benchmark for short film festivals in Catalonia. From then on, FILMETS Badalona Film Festival has been a benchmark not only for the short film festivals with the most international coverage and echo, but it is also a meeting point for filmmakers and, above all, for the most loyal public. Since its recovery, it has had the participation of the main short filmmakers from Catalonia and from the rest of the state and in its twenty-two years of the new stage, true film talents have participated who have subsequently stood out with the production of feature films with worldwide impact. Some of the directors who have participated in the festival are Álex de la Iglesia, Fernando Trullols, Jaume Balagueró, Paco Plaza, Kiko Maillo, Judit Colell, Mar Coll, Javier Fesser or Àlex Pastor among others, as well as the participation of prominent international filmmakers like Steven Spielberg, George Lucas and Pedro Almodóvar. It has also given way to the new current generations of short filmmakers such as Bill Plympton, JA Bayona, Ari Sandel or Carla Simón, among others. The international jury has been made up of people of recognized prestige in the audiovisual scene such as Manuel Huerga, Josep Maria Forn, Roland Nguyen, Joao García, Ventura Pons, Antoni Verdaguer, Lluís Marco, Roger Coma, Romà Gubern, Florence Keller, Judit Colell, Jaume Figueras, Llorenç Soler, Sílvia Quer, Carles Bosch, Albert Solé and Oriol Sala-Patau, among others. In recent years, professionals from the short film distribution sector have attended, such as Marvin&Wayne, Freak, Kimuak, Catalan Films, Agence du Court Métrage, Nikita Distribution, France TV, RTP, or festival programmers such as Medit, Mecal, Fec Cambrils-Reus , Cittadella di Corto, Biennale di Vicenza, Off Courts Trouville L'Alternativa, My first festival, OH, LA LA!, BCN Sports Film. They have also played an important role in the film schools of Catalonia (ESCAC, Bande à Part, CECC, 9 Zeros, ECIB, FX Animation, EMAV) or the renowned Filmakademie Baden-Württemberg in Germany, ESRA, ESMA, Arte FX, Les Gobelins of France USC California, etc. The festival is also a platform for our filmmakers, since the presence of the festival in the main international markets (WSFF Toronto, Regard Saguenay Quebec, Short Film Corner Cannes, Tous Courts Aix -en-Provence, Off-Courts Trouville, Clermont-Ferrand , BISFF Brussel·les, etc) has made it possible for FILMETS Badalona Film Festival to be a catalyst for the genre, also promoting its own productions. Directors and producers of short films that have subsequently won the Oscar, or Goya, Gaudí, César, Donatello, etc., have attended and participated. FILMETS Badalona Film Festival has maintained relationships and collaborations with the main festivals in the world since its origins, from the USC of Southern California, the New York Film Institute, the London Film School, among others, but mainly the most important producers and distributors of independent short films (Premium Films, European New Sales, Marvin&Wayne, Freak, Agencia du Cortmétrage, Interfilm Berlin, Kurtz Film Hamburg, Ouat Media, etc.) In this regard, the festival is active throughout the year and beyond the dates of the celebration it has organized sessions all over the world, with anthological sessions in several European cities. FILMETS develops year after year a pedagogical work of the best cinema, with contents that have been carefully worked on by the programming team. At the same time, members of the organizing committee of the festival have actively participated in different conferences, round tables, professional meetings and as members of the official jury of the festivals: ImagineNative Toronto, WSFF Toronto, Regard Saguenay Quebec, Off-Courts Trouville/Deauville, Très Courts Aix -en-Provence, Short Film Corner Cannes, Huesca International Festival, Docs Barcelona, Cryptshow Badalona, BISFF Busan South Korea, Clermont-Ferrand, etc. On the other hand, they have also participated as speakers or moderators in: Short Film Corner, Clermont-Ferrand, Quebec, Trouville, and in different exhibitions and festivals in Catalonia, as well as a member of the short film commission of the Gaudí Award by the Catalan Cinema Academy. FILMETS Badalona Film Festival has promoted all over the world not only the festival brand, but also the main short film festivals of Catalunya Film Festivals CFF (founding member). Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 11,800€ AWARDS Venus of Badalona and € 4,000 - Best Film Award Venus of Badalona and € 1,000 - Audience Award – LA VANGUARDIA Venus of Badalona and € 2,000 – Emerging Producer Award - PAC Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Animated Film Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Documentary Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Badalonian Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Catalan Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Spanish Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best European Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Director Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Screenplay Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Sound Award - APSA Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Actress Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Actor Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Original Score Award The cash prizes are subject to taxation under Spanish law, without prejudice to the tax applicable in the winner's country of residence. The Organising Committee may expand the list with any special awards not provided for in the rules and regulations that it deems appropriate. Rules PARTICIPATION RULES 51st edition of the FILMETS BADALONA FILM FESTIVAL Badalona, 17-26 October 2025 The FILMETS Badalona Film Festival is an international short film festival that showcases fiction, animation and documentary films. The programme is selected on the basis of rigorous artistic, technical and screenwriting criteria. The FILMETS Badalona Film Festival is organised and produced by Badalona Comunicació SA. Its Organising Committee comprises the following members: Xavier Casanovas, Director General Marc Orts, Artistic Director Esther Marquès, Productions Director Jordi Coloma, Technical Director Montse López, Content Director David González, Digital Strategy and Communication Director PARTICIPATION Any short film not previously released at the FILMETS Badalona Film Festival may participate. Unreleased short films are those that have not been programmed in the Official Section of the FILMETS Badalona Film Festival. Registration will be carried out online according to the technical terms and conditions of these rules and regulations. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS All short films registered for the festival must have the permission and copyright assignment of the right holder and any other right holder of original pre-existing works included in the short film. By accepting and agreeing to comply with these rules, participants make a sworn declaration that the short film they submit does not infringe any rights associated with intellectual or industrial property, usage, honour, privacy, image, third parties, or any current legislation. The festival organisers accept no legal liability for the short films submitted to the festival or their content. The makers of short films registered for the festival give up their public screening rights for all the sessions programmed and organized by FILMETS. The filmmakers of films included in the Official Section, and therefore in the festival’s official programme, transfer their broadcasting rights to local television Televisió de Badalona and to the local televisions network Xarxa de Televisions Locals. The rights will be transferred for a period of two years starting from the end date of the current edition of the festival. The filmmakers authorise the festival organisers to use and publicise the names of the director, cast members and technical team of participating films to promote the festival via any communications medium. The organisers reserve the right to partially (selected frames) or fully use the short films in the Official Section to promote or publicise the festival - in no instance seeking commercial or financial gain. They also reserve the right to release a maximum 30-second-long trailer or clip of all the short films in the Official Section, which will be broadcast on the festival’s website and social media platforms for the same purpose. Once registration has been completed, participants must submit at least two high-resolution photographs by email to be included in the official catalogue. Other material considered of interest (posters, flyers, etc.) may also be submitted. Participation in the festival implies full acceptance of these rules and regulations. The Organising Committee reserves the right to settle any issue not provided for in these rules and regulations. Its decision will be final. SCREENINGS Screenings will be from 17th to 26th October 2025. The Official Jury, specialist juries and audience will decide winners of the awards, which will be announced on Saturday 25th of October. JURIES The Organising Committee will appoint the following juries: the Selection Jury, which will view all of the shorts submitted to the festival and select the films that will compete in the Official Section; and the Official Jury, made up of five people linked to the cinema, audiovisual and culture world, that will decide on the award-winning films. There will also be specialist juries to decide the following awards:  Amics del Teatre Zorrilla will award for Best Performance; Amics de la Música - Orfeó Badaloní will  award for Best Original Score; PAC (Audiovisual Producers of Catalonia) will award the prize to the best new producer; the APSA Associacion will award the best sound  and the public attending the festival will award the audience prize. awards Venus of Badalona and € 4,000 - Best Film Award Venus of Badalona and € 1,000 - Audience Award – LA VANGUARDIA Venus of Badalona and € 2,000 – Emerging Producer Award - PAC Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Animated Film Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Documentary Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Badalonian Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Catalan Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Spanish Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best European Production Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Director Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Screenplay Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Sound Award - APSA Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Actress Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Actor Award Venus of Badalona and € 400 - Best Original Score Award The cash prizes are subject to taxation under Spanish law, without prejudice to the tax applicable in the winner's country of residence. The Organising Committee may expand the list with any special awards not provided for in the rules and regulations that it deems appropriate. Participation in the festival implies full acceptance of the rules and regulations. PAC EMERGING PRODUCER AWARD (PRODUCTORS AUDIOVISUALS DE CATALUNYA) Productors Audiovisuals de Catalunya PAC and FILMETS are organising this award because we are convinced that the figure of the producer must be highlighted, being so necessary in the audiovisual industry and at the same time so unknown outside the sector. We vindicate the short films as an essential format in the field of the audiovisual production, as it is one of the first production exercises being planned and produced at a semi-professional stage. Requirements Short films selected in FILMETS 2025. Emerging producer can be either natural or legal person. Emerging producer/s will be considered when their activity is carried out on and mainly independent basis and they have produced no more than two qualified short films or one qualified feature-length film. Their activity must be based on mostly catalan production (equipment, suppliers and locations) The emerging producer must be in the credits. The production company must be registered as an audiovisual producer. Goals Identify new talent in the Catalan audiovisual production industry. Reward the producer's risk and creative freedom. Recognise the role of the producer. Jury The Jury will be made up of 3 people representing the profession, chosen by Productors Audiovisuals de Catalunya – PAC Award Best Emerging Production Award, worth 2,000€, breakdown as follows: 500 € in cash. One year’s PAC membership, worth 828€. Mentoring, worth 650 €. BEST BADALONA PRODUCTION Films will be considered as Badalona productions when they have a direct link to the city either from a technical or an artistic point of view. The Best Badalona Production Award will be given to the Badalonian production considered the best out of the films selected in the official section. REGISTRATION Registration will be online through the website www.festivalfilmets.cat and also on the platform  www.festhome.com. Registration is open until May 31st, 2025 at 22:00 CET. FILMETS Badalona Film Festival C/ Sant Agustí, 11 08915 – Badalona (Barcelona) SPAIN Telephone +34 93 497 40 00 filmets@festivalfilmets.cat TECHNICAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS Films can be shot in any format. In the case of selected films, a high-quality copy and a minimum of two frames of it will need to be provided. The festival’s projection resolution is 1920x1080 (1080p). Video files received for projection must comply with the following: • File extension: the file format must be *.mov or *.mp4, and maximum 10GB. • Video codec: the video codec must be AppleProRes 422 or H264/MPEG-4 AVC and must not exceed100 mbs bitrate. • Audio codec: the audio codec must be AAC or PCM and stereo format (2.0) • Resolution in pixels: the maximum resolution must be 1920x1080 (1080p) and the minimum should be 1280x720 (720p). The organisers reserve the right to recode the originals in order to adjust the image, guarantee projection and ensure the highest possible quality. Files must be sent to filmets@festivalfilmets.cat for download via WeTransfer, Dropbox, other platforms or uploaded to the festival's FTP. The copy sent must be clean and subtitle free, or with subtitles in Catalan or Spanish. If the version does not have subtitles in Catalan or Spanish, please send a clean copy along with an additional file containing the synchronised subtitles or a list of dialogues in english, French or German. The festival will translate the dialogues into Catalan and add the subtitles. Distributors or producers can also provide us with access to their FTP to download the film in original format according to the above-mentioned technical standards. The short films should have a duration of 30 minutes or less. NO FILMS PRODUCED OR RELEASED BEFORE THE 1ST OF JUNE 2023 WILL BE ACCEPTED All personal data provided to Badalona Comunicació SA for the purpose of participating in this edition of the FILMETS Badalona Film Festival will be stored in files owned by Badalona Comunicació SA, with registered address C/Sant Agustí 11, 08915 Badalona (Barcelona). You may exercise your rights of access, rectification, cancellation or opposition by writing to the address above and attaching a copy of your ID, or by sending an email to filmets@festivalfilmets.cat. Participants in the competition authorise their data to be used and processed for the purposes of managing their participation in the current edition of the FILMETS Badalona Film Festival, and for the research, promotion and marketing of Badalona Comunicació SA’s services and products by any channel, including electronic channels. Consent to the processing of personal data for the receipt of commercial communications is optional. Accordingly, participants may exercise their right of cancellation if they do not wish to receive further commercial communications at any time during or after the festival. Participation in the competition implies full acceptance of these rules and regulations and, in doing so, participants authorise Badalona Comunicació SA to publish their name and image on its website, and to create any advertising, promotion or publication for commercial or informational purposes so long as it relates to the FILMETS festival, without reimbursement of any kind. Thus, in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Data Protection Act (Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December) and the Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce Act (LSSICE 34/2002 of 11 July), you are understood to have consented to the processing of your personal data exclusively for the purposes mentioned above. DISPUTE RESOLUTION: In the event of any discrepancy in the interpretation of the participation rules and regulations for the FILMETS Badalona Film Festival 2025, the Organising Committee will make a majority decision within FIVE CALENDAR DAYS on any issue raised by a participant, and that decision will be fully binding. These rules and regulations were drafted by the Organising Committee and deposited on the 20th de February  2025 at the notary office of Sr. Iván-Emilio Robles Caramazana. They are available to anyone who wishes to consult them at the following address: www.notariado.org, in the file Ábaco. Submissions Short Films																																		 30'< Fee -8% PRO 83% Standard 5€ 4.6€ 0.85€ 01 May 25 Late 10€ 9.2€ 1.7€ 31 May 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 31 May 25 Save up 4.15€ Submit Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy