Carmen Mateu Young Artist European Award 2025 for Artistic-educational Opera Projects (Spain) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Competitions & Awards Carmen Mateu Young Artist European Award 2025 for Artistic-educational Opera Projects (Spain) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Music & Sound , Performing Arts Destination countries: Spain Read this call in: Catalan , Spanish The Castell de Peralada Private Foundation announces the fourth edition of the Carmen Mateu Young Artist European Award, Opera and Dance. The fourth edition of the award is aimed at the opera category, specifically the artistic-educational project. Participants are asked to present a multidisciplinary educational project, suitable for different venues, auditoriums or unique spaces, with the focus ‘The opera is for you’ aimed at teenagers. This award and its resulting new creation aims to bring the opera genre closer to young people, thereby fostering new audiences for opera and the performing arts as a contemporary creation that connects with younger generations. With the aim of engaging and drawing young audiences from increasingly diverse and complex age groups to theatre, music, dance, and the world of opera through the use of new languages. The 12 selected projects, to be announced at the end of September 2025, will progress to a second phase, where they will need to submit part of the libretto, a sketch of the stage design, and between 3 and 5 minutes of music. The second phase will end on 15 November 2025. Candidates must be European citizens or residents and they must be a maximum of 35 years old on the date of application submission. Applications may be submitted individually or as a group. All members must be 35 years old or younger. The work will be presented in the 2026 edition of the Perelada Festival in Perlada, Spain, or in subsequent programmes, with the possibility of the show touring various locations across the country. This edition of the award will have a total cash prize of 40,000 EUR . This amount will be used to create and produce the educational project , including the fees and expenses of the creative team, as well as the production costs for the premiere at the Perelada Festival. Deadline: 10 July 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Music Mobility Funding Guide - Focus on Europe Mobility Funding Guide to Spain Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap