Artist in Residence: International Creator Residency Program 2026 Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Artist in Residence International Creator Residency Program 2026 Updated: 19 June 2025 The open-call program “International Creator Residency Program” aims to invite distinguished and highly motivated creators in the fields of visual art, film, design, and architecture from all over the world and offer them with opportunities to work in Tokyo. We provide financial support to allow creators to develop and present new works and ideas. The result of the residency will be presented at the OPEN STUDIO and/or the Result Presentation at TOKAS Hongo. Eligibility : Resides outside of Japan Has 5 years or more of experience in his/her specialized area of expertise Has sufficient ability to communicate in English with other residing creators and TOKAS staff for mutual understanding Independent and capable of working and living on his/her own Creators working as a duo are also eligible (A duo consisting of at least one creator residing outside of Japan is eligible) Students are ineligible (except for Ph.D. candidates) What you get : Living space (single room), airfare, living expenses (per diem), and fee for creative work/project Organiser: Tokyo Arts and Space, Tokyo, Japan Locations: East Asia Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025