Aerowaves: Call for Dance Artists for Aerowaves Twenty26 (Portugal) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work Aerowaves: Call for Dance Artists for Aerowaves Twenty26 (Portugal) 'Sirens' by Ermira Goro with Adonis Vais and Chara Kotsali © Archlabyrinth Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Performing Arts Destination countries: Portugal Aerowaves is seeking 20 emerging choreographers based in geographical Europe. Applicants can now apply to become an Aerowaves artist with the opportunity to have their work presented at the Spring Forward festival next year on 6-9 May 2026 in Guimarães (Portugal), and also by many of Aerowaves’ partners around Europe. Aerowaves promotes their work for a year, creating opportunities to perform with their partners. Choreographers apply to the programme with a short, finished work. Everyone who applies to Aerowaves has the chance to have their work programmed by the partners of the network, whether or not they are selected as Aerowaves artists. Around 100 performance opportunities are guaranteed by the partners and supported by Aerowaves each year. Selected applicants will have their work promoted by Aerowaves via its website for one year by an artist profile, with images, video and press coverage all in one place. Eligibility requirements include: Applicants must be resident in geographical Europe to apply. Due to the exceptional situation caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Aerowaves partners have decided to not accept applications of works made in Russia and Belarus. Applicants may apply with only one work per year. The work submitted must have been produced in geographical Europe. Aerowaves is a platform for short works – the work must be 15-40 minutes in length. The work must be finished and have been presented to the public which can include a studio sharing – work in progress or rehearsal footage are not eligible. The work should be easily included in a double or triple bill and have simple technical requirements. Works created for public/non-conventional spaces and outdoors are welcome. For the presentation of a work at Spring Forward, a fee is paid, plus expenses including travel, hotel and a per diem/hospitality for each team member. Deadline: 31 July 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap