Lee Ufan Arles / Maison Guerlain: Art and Environment Prize Residency and Exhibition (France) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work / Residencies Lee Ufan Arles / Maison Guerlain: Art and Environment Prize Residency and Exhibition (France) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: France Read this call in: French Lee Ufan Arles and Maison Guerlain have joined forces to create the Art & Environment Prize, awarded each year to a work of universal scope whose philosophical depth echoes that of Lee Ufan. With the Art & Environment 2025 Prize, Lee Ufan Arles and Guerlain aim to develop a creative space that will build conceptual, semantic and aesthetic bridges between the work of young designers and that of Lee Ufan. The Prize is therefore sensitive to strong projects proposing a new vision of the relationship with modernity, as well as to works with long temporalities and a relationship with nature, the environment and materials. After winning the prize, the winner will benefit from a six- to eight-week support programme at the beginning of 2026, with a production space and accommodation in the heart of Arles. This ‘time and space’ will enable them to carry out their artistic project, but also to meet the people and institutions involved in its implementation: artists, professionals from the art world and local players, as well as the general public. A member of the Lee Ufan Arles team will support the winner throughout the process, meeting with international and local artists, curators and other players. The residency is followed by a summer exhibition of the artist’s work in one of the Lee Ufan Arles spaces. Depending on the availability of the winning artist, the residency will take place between January and the end of March 2026 and the exhibition will run from July to the end of September 2026. The artist in residence will receive a grant of 2,000 EUR per month and accommodation for a person or a couple. In addition to the residency grant, the winning artist will receive an exhibition fee of 2,000 EUR and there is a production budget allocated to the exhibition. Deadline: 30 July 2025 More info & apply Environment & Sustainability Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to France GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap