Hyundai Motorstudio Beijing: Blue Prize+ 2025 Exhibition Proposals from Emerging Curators (China) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Commissions & Tenders The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Hyundai Motorstudio Beijing: Blue Prize+ 2025 Exhibition Proposals from Emerging Curators (China) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: China Read this call in: Chinese Hyundai Motor Company has opened the Hyundai Blue Prize+ 2025 calling for exhibition proposals for Hyundai Motorstudio Beijing from emerging curators worldwide engaged with the context of Asia. Established as a laboratory for the evolving role of curators, Hyundai Blue Prize+ invites curators to explore the most pressing contemporary issues, in connection with the contexts of Asia, by pursuing boundless perspectives. Applicants will need to submit a curatorial statement outlining the exhibition, a proposed list of artworks, a preliminary exhibition design, a budget plan, as well as a framework for public programmes linked to the exhibition. The proposed exhibition should be designed for the gallery space on the second floor of Hyundai Motorstudio Beijing with the consideration of the exhibition being presented for at least 5–6 months. Applications are open to individual curators or curatorial collectives. Following the open call, five curators or curatorial collectives will be selected as shortlisted finalists and will each receive one-on-one mentorship with the members of the jury panel, a research tour in China , and a 4,000 USD grant to develop a final exhibition proposal. Two final awardees from this shortlist will present their exhibition at Hyundai Motorstudio Beijing with up to 800,000 RMB (approximately 110,000 USD) for exhibition production and implementation , as well as additional support for on-site operations and exhibition marketing and communications. Deadline: 8 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to China Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap