the TEMENOS art fellowship | La Source top of page La SOURCE project summary LOVE-STUDIES creator directory contact us art RESIDENCIES SUMMER 2025 the TEMENOS art fellowship ABOUT the fellowship APPLY : 2025 - 2026 RESEARCH LABS ABOUT the CENTER campus area & region calendar the core team recruitment APPLY More... Use tab to navigate through the menu items. WHAT APPLY WHY HOW WHERE WHEN WHO COST FAQ the TEMENOS art fellowship an [ art / life ] incubator for radical * creative practice An art fellowship in Brittany, France for artists, researchers, and creators devoted to radical life-creation, integrative inquiry, and the cultivation of a new vision for the shared world . ​ 10 fellows. 1 year. Fellowship Dates: [September 1, 2025 – August 31, 2026] (with early arrival possible starting in June - pending availability, spaces offered to those first to confirm) Application Deadline: June 6, 2025 download PROSPECTUS (.pdf) * radical - from Latin radicalis, *wrād- "branch, root";  "of or having roots; originating in the root or ground; going to the origin, essential" WHAT the TEMENOS art fellowship is a dedicated incubator for long-term artistic / experiential research and development. Over the course of one year, ten individuals will live and work, side by side - each responsible for the flourishing of their own creative practice - while offering possibilities of support and emergent confluence between individual currents. A co-creative frame for shaping life in alignment with a purpose-driven-practice. Each participant arrives to shape their own world - and to open it to others. In parallel, they are invited into deep contact with the worlds of the other fellows. From this reciprocal act of sharing and discovery, a new interwoven field may coalesce. Within this field - art, learning, life and profound re/invention merge as a daily unfolding. the FELLOWSHIP at a glance : In this age of world-building, future-shaping, and multi-dimensional expansion, the stakes of creation have changed; an artistic practice defined by self-interest will fall short of what our times ask of us. Each individual carries a world unto themselves. And yet, we often mistake our own world for a universal structure, normalizing our private models and projecting them onto others without awareness. In this context, living, working, creating, and questioning alone is insufficient. The TEMENOS art fellowship is a research environment for creators, in which every fellow engages two disciplines in parallel: The expression of Self: developing clarity in understanding, shaping, and expressing one’s own world and vision, as well as the careful constructing of bridges that allow others to enter. The receptivity to the Other: cultivating attentiveness, curiosity, sensitivity, and tolerance - the capacity to perceive and engage worlds radically different from one’s own. This double practice is essential. At the root of creation (and of all real encounter) is the fundamental duality of Self and Other. Love is the force that evolves us toward union, across the schism of this duality. To love, then, is to learn how to both know and offer oneself, and how to recognize, access, and honor the other. ​ The TEMENOS art fellowship is structured to cultivate both sides of this work: the precision of the offering of Self (within individual creative practice), and the depth of reception of the Other (within a shared collective research). Throughout the fellowship, we will invent and refine the tools that allow these twin disciplines, of creative agency and relational intelligence, to grow stronger in tandem. The implications are immense. IF we (as human beings on a broad scale) can hold both dimensions - Self and Other - in conscious balance, we become capable of facing the future’s challenges together: We can develop a true respect and appreciation for difference, rather than a fear of it. We can anticipate and shape the consequences of our creation, rather than act in ignorance of its impact. We can cultivate the forms of intelligence urgently needed to respond with care, inclusion, and ingenuity to the sociopolitical, economic, ecological and humanitarian crises of our time. In this way, we hope that the work of the TEMENOS becomes a living response to the multi-crisis of today, a contribution toward building futures founded on integrity, coherence, generosity, in the collective efforts toward unity. a statement of SHARED PURPOSE A new art. Not about life, but in life. A new life. ​ “But we must not forget that only a very few people are artists-in-life; that the art of life is the most distinguished and rarest of all the arts.” - Carl Jung, Modern Man in Search of a Soul want to dive deeper into our MISSION? Life inside the TEMENOS : a ( minimal ) structure OUR ADVICE : review all 3 sections & their drop-down content thoroughly before applying . La Source is set in a 17th and 18th-century "corps de ferme" - a collection of stone farm buildings slowly restored over the past decade (originally built as a flax farm and linen sail weavery). It includes a communal house, independent residences, creative studios, wellness area, gathering spaces, gardens, and surrounding forest, fields and farmland. The land largely shapes the atmosphere and rhythm of the day. ​ Individual + Collective Life Each fellow has a private bedroom, though the individual spaces vary greatly (with either individual or collective bathrooms and/or kitchens). There are indoor and outdoor areas for solitude, rest, movement, connection and creation. ​ Life here is largely shared: cooking, cleaning, infrastructure, planning, and silence. There are few distractions. What you make here is influenced largely by how you live. ​ The space does not only serve the work. The space is part of the work. As stewards of this site, we carry a responsibility to listen to the place itself (both the biosphere and the complexity of human histories and presence), to respect its memory, and to treat the land not as backdrop, but as collaborator. the CENTER The TEMENOS art fellowship takes place in a forested corner of western France, very near the coastlines of the Celtic sea. La Source, our campus, is located next to the village of Saint Thégonnec, in the Parc Naturel Régional d’Armorique. It is: 15 minutes from Morlaix (nearest TGV / high-speed train station) 30 minutes from Brest (department capital, and nearest international airport) 2 hours by train from Rennes (regional capital) 3.5 hours by train from Paris The environment is rural but not remote. You will be living in close contact with natural cycles, the mild but unpredictable atlantic weather patterns, and the diverse flora and fauna of protected lands - (yet also within reach of contemporary life). The rhythm is both suspended (on campus) but connected (by location). the REGION “Art is a kind of innate drive that seizes a human being and makes them its instrument. The artist is not a person endowed with free will who seeks their own ends, but one who allows art to realize its purpose through them . As a human being they may have moods and a will and personal aims, but as an artist they are “human” in a higher sense - they are “collective human” - one who carries and shapes the unconscious, psychic forms of humankind.” ​ - Carl Jung Applications open: May 1 Application deadline: June 6 Short-list Interviews: second week of June Notification: June 14 (accepted fellows must confirm no later than June 30, and may schedule their arrival any time after*) Wait-listed applicants notified of invitation by July 7 Fellowship begins : September 1, 2025 Fellowship ends : August 31, 2026 * SUMMER ARRIVALS : Depending on availability, participants are welcome to arrive as early as mid-June in order to land, acclimate, and settle into the rhythm of the place. For those who favor a more gradual transition, this could be a wise choice. Even beyond the great enjoyment of spending summer close to the stunning and wild coastlines of Brittany, for those searching local employment during the fellowship, these months may be important to assist with stabilizing life prior to the fellowship’s launch in September. These summer months are optional and self-directed. The formal structure begins on September 1 and continues for a full year. All fellows are expected to arrive by the end of August. the TIMEline ‘A fellowship’ (etym.- ‘ a body of companions ’ or ‘the spirit of comradeship’) - indicates an attitude of collective support for a shared mission. A fellow - from old English, is “one who shares with another” . This is foundational. The mistake has been in believing our lives belong only to us - the great myth in the cult of the individual. Our learning does not belong to us. ​ Economic, academic, and cultural institutions are often designed to emphasize the individual voice as proprietary. Whether or not you intend it, what you bring into this world exists beyond you. This is the creator’s complex responsibility . By living and working together here in the immersive environment of La SOURCE, this sharing is evident in daily life. Each fellow’s inspiration, feeling, realizations, doubts, questions, epiphanies, stories, frustrations, and various states circulate . And as every ‘arrival’ can be received as a generous opportunity in the creative process, the experiences of one become the resources of all . APPLICANT Profile Post-Graduate Bridge : This structure is ideal for artists and researchers emerging from MA, MFA, or PhD programs, offering a sustained period of intensive focus within a community of equally committed individuals. ​ WHO this is for: ​ ​ Commitment : You are a serious creator - artist, thinker, maker, - seeking structure, depth, and challenge. ​ Practice-led Inquiry : You see your creative practice as a form of research - methodological, embodied, and evolving. ​ Art-as-Offering : You have a deep internal motor - creative, philosophical, or spiritual - that moves you forward, and thus you are compelled to build something impactful, generous and lasting with your work. ​ Experimentation : You are drawn to art as a way of life, not just a form of production or self-expression. ​ Autonomy : You are self-responsible, and have the internal structure to manage your time, projects, space, and energy independently. ​ Co-Creative Orientation : You are eager to share space, rhythm, reflection and inquiry with other creators (even if we all have, admittedly, an inner-hermit to also honor and solitude is a fundamental part of creation as well.). ​ Maturity : You have the maturity or groundedness to work through friction or ambiguity; you take responsibility for your impact. ​ Sustainability : You are practically capable of sustaining yourself for a year (financially, physically, emotionally). ​ Respect : You have experience with personal or spiritual inquiry and can hold yourself through complexity; thus you are capable of respecting perspectives, identities, and values different from your own. ​ Alignment : You are ready to engage the full complexity of self in radical creation and research - that includes somatic, emotional, relational, psychospiritual, practical, and intellectual dimensions. ​ ​ ( Who this is NOT for ) ​ You’re looking for a retreat, normal residency, or a more traditional and transactional frame.​ You expect or rely on others to organize your process.​ You require external validation or frequent emotional scaffolding.​ You are not comfortable managing your own time, food, work, and personal needs.​ You struggle to respect difference or to navigate complexity, relational boundaries, tension, or feedback.​ You view art primarily as self-expression, emotional release or therapeutic catharsis.​ You prioritize comfort and harmony over depth of process and profound learning.​ You are anything but eager to live the questions your work demands, no matter where they take you.​ You are not able to commit to living in Brittany, France for one full year.​ You are not at ease or interested in natural environments. how to APPLY : This is not a competition. It is a process of discernment - on both sides. The goal is not to prove yourself, but to open an honest exchange about alignment, motivation, and orientation. We're looking for common ground. ​ Do NOT delay or procrastinate by turning this into an overly formalized process. Most of us know this sabotaging-impulse. It is more important to send your materials in than for them to be perfect. Have some trust that we will enter the door you open to us. ​ Please prepare the following materials: Letter of Intention : What are you currently working on - artistically, philosophically, spiritually, or otherwise? Why do you feel called to this structure, at this time? (you are encouraged to send this as a video, those written is also fine.) Present Your "Laboratories" : After reviewing the existing Research/Creation Labs at la-source.org/research-labs , describe the core field/s of inquiry you wish to explore during your year at TEMENOS. This is not a project pitch. It is a way of naming the deeper orientation behind your work - what you're investigating, what you're listening to, and what you are offering as a shared space of invitation for the others to get to know you and your universe. Work Samples : Any combination of past projects, documentation, writing, or creative work that helps us understand your practice. You may include works-in-progress. Include links to websites, portfolios, social networks, etc. Bio / CV : Keep it simple. We want to understand your background, not your accolades. If you’d like to include letters of recommendation, feel free to (though it is not obligatory). Practicalities : Send us your first three room preferences (in order) as well as your preferred dates of arrival. Send all materials to : info@la-source.org Subject line : TEMENOS art fellowship 2025 Application Please include all materials as an attached PDF or shared folder link in google drive. You’ll receive a confirmation of receipt within 48 hours. the APPLICATION “Living life as an artist is a practice. You’re either engaging in the practice or you’re not. It makes no sense to say you’re not good at it. It’s like saying, “I’m not good at being a monk.” You’re either living as a monk, or you’re not. We tend to think of the artist’s work as the output. The real work of the artist is a way of being in the world." ​ - Rick Rubin, from The Creative Act : A Wa y of Being the FELLOWSHIP APPLY What are we looking for in the [ art / life ] -lab of encounter ? ​ ​ Radical creation [of/in] the world is an act of courage that must be supported by practice and propitious conditions. We’re not looking for perfection. We’re looking for presence, commitment, and real direction. The work is not only about what you produce - it’s about how you live, how you listen, how you craft vision and bring it alive in matter and form. ​ The integration of life and art is possible. Through love. (No joke.) This isn’t for everyone. ​But if it’s for you - you already know. ​The application is your first act of alignment with the TEMENOS. We look forward to hearing from you. Vision . Rigor . Purpose . Courage . Determination . Generosity . APPLY SPACE DESCRIPTION Monthly cost in € AVAILABILITY Main House (M1 north) large private room; courtyard view; shared entry; shared bathroom (1st floor above library) 350 Main House (M2 north) private room; courtyard view; shared entry; shared bathroom (2nd floor above library) 300 reserved Main House (M1 south) private room; valley view; shared entry; shared bathroom (1st floor above library) 350 Main House (M2 south) private room; valley view; shared entry; shared bathroom (2nd floor above library) 300 Main House (M1 east) private room, private bathroom 400 reserved Main House (M2 east) private room, private bathroom 400 reserved Longère (L1) private studio with lofted bed, kitchenette, private bathroom and private entry (tiny-house style). 525 Longère (L2) bedroom upstairs, large open space (studio) downstairs, private entry, private bathroom. 550 Longère (L3) 1 room upstairs, 1 room downstairs, private entry, private bathroom. 475 Cottage self-standing (private entry, private bathroom and private kitchen); wheelchair accessible 650 fellowship FEES the details: ​ MONTHLY FEES INCLUDE: Lodging, all utilities (electricity, water, heat, gas, internet, etc.), use of collective spaces and wellness area. Furthermore - with the consent of the group, the grounds, dome, stables, and summer kitchen can be used to host your personal professional activities (workshops, lectures, classes, etc.) with external attendees. ​ SHARING a SPACE: All fees listed here are for single occupancy of the space. If you are planning to come with a collaborator and/or partner with intent to share a space - please add 50€/month to the monthly cost (which will then be split between you). This option is only available in L2, L3 and the Cottage. ​ INCLUSION POLICY: M1 South, M2 North, and M2 South are prioritized for applicants coming from outside European / North American zones, and/or from contexts of political instability, systemic oppression, displacement or comparable precarity. ​ other costs: DEPOSIT: In order to reserve your place in the fellowship, and secure your room preference - we ask for a payment of two months. This will be held as the first month’s fee and a security deposit, in case of damage, late payment, or early departure. ​ REGISTRATION FEE: 30€/per person ​ EXTRA ENERGY CONSUMPTION: We have calculated these rates based on an economic estimate of consumption of heat and wood. If you use heating beyond recommended levels, or burn an unusual amount of wood for the library chimney, sauna, or fire bath - we reserve the possibility to ask for an increase in participation. Electric cars will be charged for daily hook-up. ​ PICK-UP/DROP-OFF: If you would like to organize a pick-up for your arrival, let us know. You’ll find the fees lower than local taxis. Following arrival, all fellows are encouraged to organize car-share contributions mindfully between one another. ​ VISITORS: 15€/night ​ CIVIL LIABILITY INSURANCE: all fellows must show evidence of civil liability insurance. ​ CLEANING FEES: all fellows must return their private spaces to its original state before departure (otherwise cleaning fees will be charged). ​CREATION requires as much concentration (as little distraction) as possible. For this reason, we're aware of the great invitation for all of us to find solutions together to support the economic realities of a life driven by visionary priorities, more than practical/material constraints. We propose the following possibilities: ​ We propose to build (together) a shared online platform where each fellow can offer and sell their own work - whether art, services, or content. All proceeds go directly to the creator. This is a collective effort to support one another in building sustainable, independent creative economies. We recognize that financial wellbeing is a foundational part of a coherent life. As part of our shared time together, we may initiate peer-led workshops and conversations on topics such as: – the story of money and creative integrity – sustainable income pathways – marketing and visibility strategies – digital tools for artists – navigating abundance without compromise Fellows are invited to share their skills, experiences, and resources with the group. We approach this as part of a broader commitment: to support one another on the path of an uncompromised life - where financial health is seen and treated as a basic ground of integrative practice. This isn’t peripheral. It is part of the real work: learning how to build lives that are structurally aligned with our values - and viable in the world. The surest sign of a life guided by love is a vibrant devotion to something beyond one’s own experience. SUSTAINABILITY of individual financial needs frequently asked QUESTIONS calendar donate apply newsletter La SOURCE Center for Research & Creation | Saint Thégonnec, France | info@la-source.org Do Not Sell My Personal Information Read our privacy policy here. bottom of page