International Symposium for Visual Culture & Exhibition 2025 | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity international symposium for visual culture & exhibition 2025 CICA Museum Deadline: Jun. 26, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 26, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Drawing Film Installation Video Visual Arts Painting Overview ISVC Website: https://cicamuseum.com/isvc September 10 – 28, 2025 Exhibition “Visual Culture 2025” at the CICA Museum, Korea September 20, 2025 International Symposium at the Cultural Arts Center and the Cafritz Foundation Arts Center, Silver Spring, MD, USA Organized by CICA Museum Hosted by the Visual and Performing Arts Department, Montgomery College We invite artists, scholars, and researchers from around the world to participate in the International Symposium for Visual Culture & Exhibition 2025. This global gathering of artists, researchers, and academics will take place in downtown Silver Spring, Maryland, near Washington, D.C., and will be accompanied by an exhibition at the CICA Museum in Korea. The symposium is hosted by Montgomery College’s Visual and Performing Arts Department and organized by the CICA Museum. ISVC is an international platform for diverse and critical perspectives on visual culture. Through ISVC, we aim to create a global network of researchers/artists and consumers/makers of visual culture, and foster critical thoughts and in-depth understanding of visual culture on a global scale. Participating artists and researchers will be featured in the book “New Media Art 2026.” The book is expected to be released in full-color paperback in December 2025. The article may include any form of text (e.g., interview, essay, poetry) in English, drawings, and pictures that introduce the artists’ works. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post International Symposium for Visual Culture & Exhibition 2025 CICA Museum International Symposium for Visual Culture & Exhibition 2025 CICA Museum Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect