Mexico International Short Film Festival - SHORTS MÉXICO Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 PRO -18% Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (3) Submit Shorts México -  Festival Internacional De Cortometrajes De México (20) Mexico International Short Film Festival - SHORTS MÉXICO Deadlines 17 Feb 2025 Call for entries 28 Feb 2025 Early deadline 10 Apr 2025 Standard deadline 31 May 2025 Late deadline 15 Jun 2025 Festival closed 10 Aug 2025 Notification date 01 Sep 2025 30 Sep 2025 Address RECREO 89 COLONIA DEL VALLE SUR - ACTIPAN DELEGACIÓN BENITO JUÁREZ MÉXICO, MÉXICO 03230 Mexico, 03230, CIUDAD DE MÉXICO, MÉXICO, Mexico Festival description Short film festival 30'< Script / Pitch projects Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location January 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  30'< Any language Subtitles Spanish 
														                			English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 20) Festival start: 01 September 2025     
							Festival end: 30 September 2025 ENGLISH:  SHORTS MÉXICO 20TH EDITION CALL FOR ENTRIES – SUBMIT YOUR FILM SHORTS MEXICO has become the largest International short film festival in Latin America. Do not miss the chance to be part of its 20th celebration. FILM SUBMISSION REGULATIONS SHORTS MEXICO - Mexico International Short Film Festival call for entries begins February 17th through May 31st, 2025 at 23:59 (CST) Mexico City. We are open to receive Short Films from all over the world inviting all production genres. SHORTS MEXICO is recognized as the biggest International short film festival in Iberoamerica.  An international exhibition platform specialized in short films. It promotes cinema creative expressions, diverse voices, distinctive and innovative visions, bold quality films from filmmakers from all over the world. At SHORTS MEXICO we encourage the growth and development of short films as well as the filmmakers. The 20th  Edition of SHORTS MEXICO will be held from September 1st through the 30th 2025 in Mexico City. The National Cinematheque of Mexico is the main venue of the festival, and the most prestigious cinema venue in the country. The festival amounts other important venues as CINEMEX Theaters, one of the largest cinema chains in the world, famous Vasconcelo´s Library, Centro Cultural Universitario de la UNAM, CDMX´s  Cultural Centers, etc. The festival amounts over 70 venues in Mexico, and holds exhibitions in every one of the 32 States of the Mexican Republic, so the event truly occurs throughout the entire country of Mexico. Since the pandemic, SHORTS MÉXICO is presented in a hybrid format, holding virtual and televised exhibitions as well, having over 1 million spectators per edition. Throughout the year the festival  features previews, exhibitions, retrospectives and master classes. The Shorts Mexico Tour includes cities, towns and villages of Mexico, as well as exhibitions in various countries around the world. Shorts Mexico Academy, consists in master classes and conferences, an academic offer aimed at developing professionalization in various specialized areas of filmmaking. The festival will also present Shorts México Pitching Competition, Work In Progress Contest, and its Screenplay Short Film Competition, with the goal  of encouraging and promoting the creation and production of quality films. FESTIVAL SECTIONS COMPETITIVE SECTIONS INTERNATIONAL Competition (Live Action, Animation and Documentary) IBEROAMERICAN Competition (Live Action, Animation and Documentary) MEXICAN Competition (Live Action, Animation, Documentary, NeoMex) Once your short film is registered, you are eligible to participate in all the festival sections, either competitive, showcase, or special programes. SHORTS MEXICO’S SHOWCASE  -  FESTIVAL´S  FAVORITES / OUT OF COMPETITION International - Iberoamerican - World Cinema - Queer Shorts (LGBTTTQ+) - Fantascorto (Fantasy, Sci-Fi and Horror) - Ecoshorts (Environmental Conservation) - Kids - Indigenous Peoples - Afro Shorts (African diaspora and culture) - Fun Shorts (Comedy) - Experimental - International (Live Action, Animation, Documentary, Experimental) - AI Shorts (Artificial Intelligence) Mexican - Mexican (Live Action, Documentary) - Pueblos Indígenas y Originarios - Infantil – Kids - Mujeres Mexicanas en el Cine - Queer Shorts (LGBTTTQ+) - Afro Shorts (Cultura y Diáspora Africana) - Fantascorto (Fantasy, Sci-Fi and Horror) - Experimental - Ecoshorts (conservación ambiental) - Funshorts (Cine de Comedia) - AI Shorts (Inteligencia Artificial) Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 85,000€ AWARDS SHORTS MÉXICO bestow awards in all categories. Awards in Mexican Live Action and Pitching Competitions, consists in the production of the next short films for the  winning directors. A new short film  will be carried out, with an approximate value of $50,000.00 US dollars. All the selected films will be given a certificate of participation in México International Short Film Festival - Shorts México. Best International Live Action Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best International Animation Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best International Documentary Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best Ibero American Live Action Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best Ibero American Animation Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best Ibero American Documentary Short Film Trophy and Diploma. World Award - Shorts Mexico Best short film in all categories for International and Ibero-American sections. Cash Prize  200.00 € Statuette and Diploma. MEXICAN COMPETITIONS Best Live Action Mexican Short Film. Best Live Action Mexican  Short Film, the awards consists in the production of the next shorts film for the  winning director. A new short film  will be carried out, with an approximate value of $800,000.00 MXN. The prize includes: 3 days of filming package, Mini Mobile, power plan, camera and high speed lenses - optics set, awarded by CTT Exp & Rentals; image post-production - color correction and DCP by Cinecolor México, 100% discount on the cost of acquiring filming insurance by LCI Seguros. ESTUDIOS CHURUBUSCO grants the equivalent of $250,000.00 (Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Pesos 00/100 M.N.) in production, audio post-production and THX sound services. SHALALA Studios awards audio post-production - sound design, LA FACULTAD DE CINE $15,000.00 (Fifteen thousand pesos 00/100 MXN) in cash, MAXY'S Catering 3 days of catering for 30 people, RETROBYTE vfx services, PIXEL provide Trailer and Poster, IP9 STUDIOS rewards 2 days use of studios and Alonso Alaman original music. The produced short film must be showcased in the next edition of SHORTS MEXICO. SHORTS MEXICO awards the following ten categories in the Live Action Mexican Competition: Best Director - Best Actress - Best Actor - Best Cinematography - Best Screenplay - Best Editing - Best Art Direction - Best Sound Design - Best Original Music - Best Costume Design Best Mexican Animated Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best NeoMex Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Best Mexican Documentary Short Film Trophy and Diploma. Jury Mentions The jury will be free to grant mentions deemed appropriate. Certificates All the selected films will be given a certificate of participation in México International Short Film Festival - Shorts México. The Mexican short films selected in any competition of the festival will be able to submit their short film to the Ariel prize of the AMACC (Mexican Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences). JURY Competitive sections of the festival will be awarded by a jury chosen by the festival´s committee that will be composed of renowned personalities and professionals of the film industry and juries from different artistic disciplines. Jury's decisions are final. Rules SHORTS MÉXICO México International Shorts Film Festival. ELIGIBILITY Short films produced between 2023 and 2025 may participate. The programming committee may make exceptions in the year of production. For all sections, short films digitally recorded or filmed in 35mm, 16mm, 8mm, or short films recorded in mobile devices, and generated with AI (artifical Intelligence)  will be accepted, the exhibition format is DCP, HD Video File,  with on-screen spanish subtitles embedded. Eligible short films must have a maximum duration of 30 minutes (The selection committee may make exceptions). Short films that have been screened at any other international film festival can participate. The publication of SHORTS MEXICO 2025 Official Selection will be held August 1st 2025, on social networks, fan pages of SHORTS MEXICO and the official website of the festival www.shortsmexico.com All information required for selected participants, as for the catalog, press kits, and promotional material of selected short films, must be sent to:  programacionshortsmexico@gmail.com Participants can register an unlimited number of works. Short films may not be withdrawn from competition under any circumstances, once their participation is accepted. It is mandatory to all the selected works to sign the authorization letter for exhibitions and approval of the festival’s rules, by the legal representative of the audiovisual production, the failure to do so implies immediate disqualification. The selection committee's decision is final. INTERNATIONAL COMPETITION Short films made in any video format are accepted and can be produced anywhere in the world. Iberoamerican Competition Short films made in any video format are accepted. The production must be Iberoamerican, regardless of the nationality of the director and the place or country of filming. Short films must have spanish subtitles. Short film productions from Spain, Portugal and any Latin American country are part of the Iberoamerican category. Mexican competition Short films made in any video format are accepted. The production must be Mexican, regardless of the nationality of the director and the place or country of filming. Short films must be subtitled in spanish. SELECTED FILMS Selected works will be required to sent in, a DCP, HD video file,  with on-screen spanish subtitles embedded, a .srt file and the list of dialogues of the production in spanish or english. By submitting a short film to the festival, the people owning the rights of the film accept the rules and regulations thoroughly expressed in this document, consequently, authorize them to exhibit the film during the dates and venues determined by SHORTS MEXICO. People owning the rights of the film, must assure having the rights to exhibit the film. People owning the rights of the film, release SHORTS MEXICO, and any of their representatives, affiliates, coordinators, operators, programmers, directors, clerks, from any claim or legal issue that arises from the exhibition of the film at SHORTS MEXICO film festival´s venues and Tour. If the owner of the short film does not deliver the material required by the SHORTS MEXICO´S committee, in the dates and deadlines provided, they will be disqualified. All the selected films will be given a certificate of participation in México International Short Film Festival - Shorts México. The Mexican short films selected in any competition of the festival will be able to submit their short film to the Ariel prize of the AMACC (Mexican Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences). All registered short films have the exact same process, regardless of the stage of registration that is chosen, late registrations are processed and watched exactly the same way as the early and intermediate ones, the only difference is the fee. We suggest you register your short film as soon as possible to take advantage of the most affordable fees. - EARLY REGISTRATION Mexican short films - February 17th to February 28th, €22 Foreign short films - International,  Iberoamerican - February 17th to February 28th, €27 - REGULAR - INTERMEDIATE REGISTRATION: Mexican short films - March 1st to April 10th, €27 Foreign short films - International,  Iberoamerican - March 1st to April 10th, €32 - LATE REGISTRATION: Mexican short films - April 11th to May 31st, €32 Foreign short films - International,  Iberoamerican - April 11th to May 31st, €37 REGISTRATION Entries are open from February 17th through May 31st ,2025 at 23:59 (CST) Mexico City CORTOMETRAJES INTERNACIONALES Short Films																																		 30'<																				   											   			 (2021+) Fee -8% PRO 18% Early 27€ 24.84€ 22.14€ 28 Feb 25 Standard 32€ 29.44€ 26.24€ 10 Apr 25 Late 37€ 34.04€ 30.34€ 31 May 25 Extended 37€ 34.04€ 30.34€ 15 Jun 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 15 Jun 25 Save up 5.76€ Submit INTERNATIONAL COMPETITION INTERNACIONAL SHORTS MEXICO is recognized as the largest International short film festival in Latin America and Iberoamerica.  An international exhibition platform specialized in short films, having over 1 million spectators each edition. INTERNATIONAL Short films from all over the world, produced between 2023 and 2025 may participate. For all sections, short films digitally recorded or filmed in 35mm, 16mm, 8mm, or short films recorded in mobile devices and artificial intelligence will be accepted, the exhibition format is DCP, HD Video File. The programming committee may make exceptions in the year of production. Short films must have .srt or be subtitled in Spanish Mexican Short Film Short Films																																		 30'<																				   											   			 (2023+) Fee -8% PRO 18% Early 22€ 20.24€ 18.04€ 28 Feb 25 Standard 27€ 24.84€ 22.14€ 10 Apr 25 Late 32€ 29.44€ 26.24€ 31 May 25 Extended 32€ 29.44€ 26.24€ 15 Jun 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 15 Jun 25 Save up 4.86€ Submit MEXICAN COMPETITION AND SPECIAL PROGRAMS Short films made in any video format are accepted. The production must be Mexican, regardless of the nationality of the director and the place or country of filming. The production years accepted are 2023, 2024 and 2025 Short films must be subtitled in spanish, or have .srt files and dialogue list in english or spanish. IBEROAMERICAN SHORT FILMS Short Films																																		 30'<																				   											   			 (2023+) Fee -8% PRO 18% Early 27€ 24.84€ 22.14€ 28 Feb 25 Standard 32€ 29.44€ 26.24€ 10 Apr 25 Late 37€ 34.04€ 30.34€ 31 May 25 Extended 37€ 34.04€ 30.34€ 15 Jun 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 15 Jun 25 Save up 5.76€ Submit IBEROAMERICAN COMPETITION ● Short films made in any video format are accepted. The production must be Iberoamerican, regardless of the nationality of the director and the place or country of filming. Production years 2023, 2024 and 2025 are accepted ● Short films must have spansih subtitles, dialogue list or subtitles .srt file in english or spanish. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy