BODYSPACES – CANVAS INTERNATIONAL ART FAIR 2025 | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity bodyspaces – canvas international art fair 2025 ITSLIQUID Deadline: Jun. 27, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 27, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Painting Sculpture Photography Video Performance Overview ITSLIQUID Group , in collaboration with YMX Arts , is pleased to announce the open call for BODYSPACES , the first appointment of CANVAS INTERNATIONAL ART FAIR 2025 , which will take place in London , at ELEMENTS Contemporary Art Space ( click here to learn more on this venue) from September 05 to September 18, 2025. CANVAS is an international Art Fair that will showcase collective and solo projects by leading and emerging international artists. The 2025 edition will represent a forum for the direct exchange of ideas and contacts between collectors, artists, photographers, designers and art professionals. The art fair features paintings, sculptures, photography, installations, video art and live performance. The word “ canvas ” was used for the first time in Italy in the 14th century, and it has become the most common support medium for oil painting, replacing wooden panels. Over the centuries, the canvas’ meaning has changed, starting from paintings, through photographic and cinematographic film, exploring the human body, to the digital world. Canvas is the creatives’ common ground , on which they can express themselves. BODYSPACES is about the perception of our body, the first step for the appropriation of our identity. The bodies are the spaces for human experimentation, for the achievement of humanity and its overtaking. The contemporary bodies are composed of corporal and virtual elements influenced by physical and psychical actions. The artistic work on the body’s hybridisation will create a new concept of humanity starting any kind of possible life in a contemporary multicultural society. We invite artists to express, through their artistic research, the relationship between the body and human life , celebrating the new identities in contemporary times. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post BODYSPACES – CANVAS INTERNATIONAL ART FAIR 2025 ITSLIQUID BODYSPACES – CANVAS INTERNATIONAL ART FAIR 2025 ITSLIQUID Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect