Retreat and Recharge - Hub Feenix Artist Residency Residency @ Hub Feenix Residency Apply Living here About Artists Login Hub Feenix Residency Apply Living here About Artists Login Hub Feenix Focus on your work, enjoy stillness and inspiring atmosphere in a beautiful old sanitarium in the middle of nature! "I stayed in Hub Feenix for a month in February. For a month I had a very special experience as a writer and just as a human being. I was able to concentrate on my rest and develop my thoughts in the center of nature without any disturbance. Nature that I couldn't feel in the city turned me into a natural human being again. Walking on the frozen lake at night, I felt the silence of darkness. And just looking at the snow through the window I could regain my own speed. I could hear the sound of the wind, the sound of trees, and the melting of ice that I inadvertently passed by. While staying in the simple Hub Feenix atmosphere of eating healthily, spending less, and walking a lot, I realized how I was surrounded by meaningless things. I felt a sense of solidarity while enjoying the sauna with good people, talking to each other, and eating food. And I realized that I forgot the most important value. Maybe it's a relationship between humans and humans. A month at Hub Feenix was a precious time to discover a new me." Concentration Here you can deeply concentrate on your work and experience the stillness and beauty of nature. Practical information Renewal A residency period can be both artistically productive and bring new vitality and recreation. Code of Conduct Networking A wide range of opportunities for learning new skills and meeting new wonderful people. Facilities Collaboration The artists are actively helped to find new, inspiring contacts and possibilities for collaboration. How to apply Finnish Artist Residency Network Res Artis - Worldwide network of artist residencies Sophie von Julins Stiftelse Activities Local Area Helsinki Turku Weather info In Summer In Winter Residency Residency @ Hub Feenix Getting here Living @ Feenix Info How to Apply Code of Conduct People Resident Artists Stories Gallery Artists experiences Information About Hub Feenix Hub Feenix Website Facebook Instagram Facebook Instagram Codeberg 2020-24. Osuuskunta Hub Feenix. All rights reserved.