Malta Biennale: Call for Artists 2026 (Malta) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work Malta Biennale: Call for Artists 2026 (Malta) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Malta Malta Biennale is calling for applications from artists for their main programme, as well as applications for the thematic pavilions and satellite events, for the 2026 edition. CLEAN | CLEAR | CUT is the official title of the second edition of the Malta Biennale, which will take place across various historical sites and locations in Malta and Gozo from 11 March to 29 May 2026, with international curator Rosa Martínez as Artistic Director. The Biennale currently has three open calls: for local and international artists to submit proposals for projects and exhibitions for embassies to organise national and/or thematic pavilions for satellite events (a new component of the Biennale) Call for artists is intended for both local and international artists wishing to present projects. Artists can apply with one or more artworks. Submitted artworks and project proposals can be site- or space-specific, new artworks, or may form part of the artist’s existing portfolio. Accepted artistic media include all forms of visual art: installation, painting, sculpture and three-dimensional artworks, performance, photography and video, multidisciplinary and collaborative projects are also welcome. Maximum eligible amount per project is 13,000 EUR and can cover artistic fees, hire/purchase of equipment, travel costs , accommodation costs, production fees, insurance, shipping / freight, contingency. Deadline: 30 June 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Malta Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap