The Europe Challenge 2025/26 for Libraries and Community Leaders in Europe | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Training The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. The Europe Challenge 2025/26 for Libraries and Community Leaders in Europe Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Organisations & Collectives Producers & Managers Cultural Heritage , Literature Destination countries: Europe The Europe Challenge is calling all libraries and community leaders in Europe to apply for their 2025/26 edition. The programme empowers libraries and their communities to tackle today’s most pressing social, digital, and climate challenges through collaboration across European borders. Since 2020, 96 libraries and communities from 26 countries have participated in The Europe Challenge, implementing vital projects that have benefited over 150,000 Europeans of all ages and walks of life. For The Europe Challenge 2025/26, they are seeking initiatives that address one of Europe’s key transitions: social, digital, and green. They are looking for creative ideas from libraries and community groups that contribute to building a more inclusive, connected, and sustainable Europe. The Europe Challenge 2025/26 offers participating libraries and community groups the following opportunities: Funding of up to 10,000 EUR to implement a proposed project (optional) A series of online and in-person workshops and mentoring sessions Additional peer-to-peer exchange opportunities, networking, and travel The programme offers participants the chance to attend two in-person summits—one in autumn 2025 and another in June 2026— where Challenge teams can connect with peers and colleagues from across Europe. Both summits will be held in accessible European locations, with all travel and accommodation expenses covered. Deadline: 29 May 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Education & Training Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap