Höchster Porzellan-Manufaktur: Residency Program 4.0 (Germany) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Höchster Porzellan-Manufaktur: Residency Program 4.0 (Germany) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Germany Read this call in: German The Hochschule für Gestaltung (HfG) Offenbach, supported by the Crespo Foundation and the Aventis Foundation, is offering an international residency programme at the Höchster Porzellan-Manufaktur (HPM), the second oldest porcelain manufactory in Germany, from 15 October 2025 to 15 February 2026. ‘RESIDENCY 4.0 exploring porcelain’ supports international artists and designers and offers them a free space to research, experiment and develop innovative concepts in working with porcelain and ceramics. The programme is aimed at Art College, academy or related educational institution postgraduates who have extensive experience with ceramic materials and would like to deepen their artistic or design skills, specifically with porcelain. The goal is to promote young artistic talents in the field of porcelain as well as to encourage the advancement of the tradition of porcelain design in the context of materials research. New concepts of form, material and design can be explored and developed in an experimental work with porcelain. During their stay, artists will work on realisation of their conception and execution, exhibition and documentation of the project. Residency sponsorship includes: Guest studio at Höchster Porzellan Manufaktur, Frankfurt Höchst A room in the residency guest apartment in Offenbach Financial support for creative work: 1,000 EUR per month Public transportation Work materials costs: on request up to 500 EUR Travel expenses: on request costs to and from location Exhibition costs coverage in coordination Documentation of the creative positions (in photography, film, catalog, etc.) Programme workshop and lecture: Cost coverage in coordination Deadline: 12 June 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap