Wallis Annenberg Curatorial Fellowship | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity wallis annenberg curatorial fellowship Los Angeles County Museum of Art Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 30, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Curators Fees: No Artistic fields: Curating Overview The Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) announces a search for candidates for the Wallis Annenberg Curatorial Fellowship. This two-year fellowship in the museum’s Latin American Art department will provide general curatorial training, support scholarly research on the permanent collection, and engage the Fellow in the organization of an international traveling exhibition on the connection of Asia and Latin America in the early modern period. Reporting to the Curator and Department Head of Latin American Art, the Wallis Annenberg Curatorial Fellow will have particular areas of focus in Spanish American/viceregal art and early modern art (with knowledge of Asian art and assets but not required). Striving to combine the strengths of academic art history and the art museum, this Fellowship is designed to attract exceptional emerging scholars to the curatorial field. The Annenberg Curatorial Fellowship supports the highest level of professional development, with opportunities to be fully integrated into all aspects of curatorial work, gain experience in research and cataloguing, exhibition organization, education and publications, acquisitions, conservation, public speaking, and fundraising. The ultimate goal of the Fellowship is to engage the Fellow on all aspects associated with organizing a major international exhibition and achieve a deep understanding of the variety of skills needed to succeed as a curator in an encyclopedic museum; to hone those skills through the mentorship of the department and cross-departmental collaborators; and finally, to be able to confidently apply those skills to a future career as a museum professional. LACMA’s exhibitions and acquisitions programs are a key part of its mission to serve the public through the collection, conservation, exhibition and interpretation of significant works of art from a broad range of cultures and historical periods. Committed to showcasing a multitude of art histories, the museum exhibits and interprets works of art from new and unexpected points of view that are informed by the region’s rich cultural heritage and diverse population. A spirit of experimentation is reflected in our work with artists, technologists, and thought leaders as well as in our many regional, national, and global partnerships to share collections and programs, create pioneering initiatives, and engage new audiences. LACMA’s staff is committed to the museum’s mission of inclusive access, collaboration, and dialogue, and to working closely with colleagues across the museum and our many communities beyond, fostering creativity, connection, and diverse thinking. Responsibilities Assists in the planning and research of an upcoming international exhibition focused on Spanish American/viceregal art, performing advanced scholarly research of a high order; supporting checklist development; interface with public and private collections (national and international). Participate in meetings and collaborate with the Latin American team on the department’s various programs. Conduct in-depth research on selected Latin American works from the permanent collection. The position starts September 1, 2025. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post Wallis Annenberg Curatorial Fellowship Los Angeles County Museum of Art Wallis Annenberg Curatorial Fellowship Los Angeles County Museum of Art Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect