MATCH: Learning, Residencies and Exhibition Programme for Mediterranean-based Artists (Cyprus, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Turkey) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work / Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. MATCH: Learning, Residencies and Exhibition Programme for Mediterranean-based Artists (Cyprus, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Turkey) Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Cyprus , Greece , France , Spain , Italy , Turkey MATCH is a transnational arts project that connects artists to community gardens as a response to the climate crisis in five Mediterranean Cities: Athens, Nicosia, Marseille, Barcelona and Izmir. This is a call for 10 artists based in the following Mediterranean countries: Croatia, Cyprus, France, Greece, Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovenia, Spain or Tunisia to participate in an international programme of learning, residencies and exhibition. Each artist will participate in the following: Artistic Production and Presentation: 1 x month-long international research and production residency alongside one other international artist. There are five residency options that you can choose from in Cyprus, Greece, Spain, France or Turkey and each participating artist will be selected for one residency (various dates between 6 October 2025 – 6 June 2026). Post-production of final artwork(s). After the residency, each artist will have four months to work on the ideas and artworks created during their residency and complete their work for public presentation. 1 x Digital Reflection. Also in the period after the residency, with the support from the D6:EU team and a Digital Curator, the artists will develop an online presentation of their artworks and ideas. 1 x Exposition. Following the period of post-production, the artists will return to the country where they had their residency for one week to prepare an exposition of their finished work in a community garden setting. Capacity Building: 5 x International Capacity Building Workshops for all artists and partners in Greece, Cyprus, France, Spain and Italy between October 2025 and April 2027. 1 x study visit in Izmir, Turkey (7-8 May 2026) Support Artist Fee: 6,000 EUR Production budget: 600 EUR (including expenses for workshops, research and materials) Travel, accommodation and subsistence for one month in a selected residency space and one week for the exhibition. Access to working spaces Free attendance at 5 Capacity Building Workshops and a Study Visit, including travel, accommodation and subsistence Logistical, curatorial and networking support Curatorial support to develop a digital reflection on your artwork, and up to 5 days of time for a local creative to support the development of this digital project Deadline: 18 May 2025 More info & apply Environment & Sustainability Site-responsive Work Urban Space Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Mobility Funding Guide to France Mobility Funding Guide to Spain GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap