Oldenburg International Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 PRO -18% Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (2) Submit Oldenburg International Film Festival (32) Deadlines 13 Dec 2024 Call for entries 28 Mar 2025 Early deadline 23 May 2025 Standard deadline 13 Jun 2025 Late deadline 13 Jun 2025 Festival closed 22 Aug 2025 Notification date 10 Sep 2025 14 Sep 2025 Address Lange Strasse 53, 26122, Oldenburg, Niedersachsen, Germany Festival description Short film festival Feature film festival 400'< Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location Production date: Any Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films Feature Films  400'< Any language Subtitles German 
														                			English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet German English Festival description (Edition: 32) Festival start: 10 September 2025     
							Festival end: 14 September 2025 In 2021, “The Biggest Little Fest In Europe” was heralded as "One of the World's Leading Indie Film Fests"- The Hollywood Reporter Rated among the top 5 Film Festivals worldwide for Independent Films by American film critic Chris Gore in his esteemed “Ultimate Film Festival Guide”, and ranked “Top 25 Coolest Festivals in the World” by MovieMaker, Oldenburg has fostered its success with a strong commitment to innovative and Independent filmmaking. “If there's anything that could be considered the Promised Land of Independent Cinema in Europe today, it is Oldenburg.” - Accred - L'actualité des festivals de cinéma Labelled ‘the German Sundance’ by Variety, Hollywood Reporter, and Screen International, amongst others, Oldenburg has evolved while preserving its intimate atmosphere and founding purpose: to celebrate and support the diverse voices and visions of independent filmmakers, to honor the creativity of the artists upon which the Festival depends, and to create a unique experience and inspiring meeting place for filmmakers, audiences, and media professionals. “Oldenburg - renown for its determination, cinephilia, and openness for the extremes - impresses with its brilliant programming.” - GRIP Additionally, in an effort to raise awareness and build bridges between worlds through the common language of film, Oldenburg is the only Film Festival in the world that annually screens part of its regular program to incarcerated individuals who share the experience with members of the general public in an actual high-security Prison environment, known as ‘The Alcatraz of the North’. “Oldenburg thrives as a discovery channel.” - Screen International In addition to supporting the discovery of new artists, Oldenburg has hosted the German Premieres of films by such acclaimed filmmakers as Darren Aronofsky, Brian De Palma, Steven Soderbergh, Michael Polish, Johnnie To, Chan-wook Park, Monte Hellmann, & Takeshi Kitano amongst others. Guests of honor have included Jim McBride, Larry Clark, Philippe de Broca, Andrzej Zulawski, Ken Russell, Jerry Schatzberg, James Toback, Radley Metzger, Ted Kotcheff, Phedon Papmichael, George Armitage, Christophe Honoré, Edward R. Pressman, Bruce Robinson, William Freidkin, Ovidio Assonitis, and Peter & John Hyams who have all attended the festival for Retrospectives of their work. “Just as impressive as the films was the festival itself, which, under the inspired direction of Torsten Neumann, combined intelligent cinephilia with a laid-back atmosphere of democratic equality.” - Sight and Sound Nicolas Cage, Seymour Cassel, Asia Argento, Keira Knightley, Deborah Kara Unger, Mira Sorvino, Bobcat Goldthwait, Michael Wadleigh, Joanna Cassidy, Luke Wilson, Ben Gazzara, Stacy Keach, Amanda Plummer, Keith Carradine, Matthew Modine, Sean Baker, Andrea Rau, Mattie Do & Noémie Merlant are amongst many who have attended as honored guests or for Tributes in their honor. “Alongside Venice and Toronto, Oldenburg is considered one of the most important Autumn Festivals for Independent Cinema” - de Telegraaf Rated #1 in Germany on The Most Important Autumn Film Festivals List for and by the German Film Industry (Blickpunkt Film), and #3 internationally after Venice & TIFF, Oldenburg is regarded as “one of the most important European festivals for independent cinema" (Tagesschau). “Oldenburg is a pilgrimage for cineastes.”- Die Zeit Prizes and qualifications The "German Independence Award – Best Film" All films selected for the Independent section are nominated for the award. The award is voted for by cinemagoers attending public screenings. The "German Independence Award – Spirit of Cinema" The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The "German Independence Award – Originality, Daring, and Audacity" The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The “Seymour Cassel Award- Outstanding Performance ” Named in homage to indie icon and longtime Festival friend and supporter, Seymour Cassel, the award honors a Female and Male actor for ‘Outstanding Performance’. All performances by artists in films selected for competition in the Independent Section are eligible for nomination. The awards are decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The "German Independence Award – Best Short Film" All films selected for the Short Film Section are nominated for the award. The award is decided by a jury of film professionals appointed by the Festival Director. The "Hans Olhms Award - Best First Feature" Inaugurated in 2023, all first feature films are nominated for the award. The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Festival Director and the Board of Directors of the Hans Ohlms Foundation. Note: Winners of the above awards consent to include the logo of the Festival and corresponding award laurels when advertising the film (i.e) on posters and in advertisements. Rules 1. General Information The Oldenburg International Film Festival is a non-competitive film festival, curated to provide a platform for unique discoveries and the bold and innovative works of both established and emerging filmmakers worldwide. With a tradition of covering film in all its aspects, feature films, short films and documentaries of all origins are embraced. 2. Key Dates and Submission Deadlines The 32nd Oldenburg International Film Festival takes place from September 10-14, 2025. There are three submission deadlines: Earlybird: Friday 28 March 2025 Regular: Friday 23 May 2025 Late: Friday 13 June 2025 *Please note – submission fees are non-refundable 3. Festival Sections Festival sections include the following categories: Independent, International, Midnite Xpress, Shorts, Retrospective, Tribute. 4. Selection of Films and Notification The Oldenburg International Film Festival selection committee decides which films will participate in the Festival. The committee's decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. Selected films will be notified by August 22, 2025, approximately. 5. Film Length Submitted short films should not be longer than 49 minutes; submitted feature films must be longer than 49 minutes. 6. Screening Format For screening purposes DCP, Blu-ray, H264 file all PAL European standard. 7. Entry and Eligibility At the time of entry (if not submitted via Festhome) a preview DVD (PAL or NTSC) should be sent at the sender's expense to: Oldenburg International Film Festival Lange Strasse 53 26122 Oldenburg Germany or via a secure link to: submissions@filmfest-oldenburg.de Along with the screener we welcome you to send us the following material: * a detailed synopsis of the film * the biography, filmography and a recent photo of the director * photographs or transparencies of the film * press materials and posters * a listing of participation and awards received at any other film festivals. The Festival is not responsible for returning support material and DVDs. To be eligible for consideration, submissions must meet the following requirements: * All films must be available in German, English or with English subtitles if not in German or English. * Films must NOT have been (or will not be) broadcast on television or publicly distributed or made available online in Germany before the Festival dates. 8. Awards The "German Independence Award – Best Film" All films selected for the Independent section are nominated for the award. The award is voted for by cinemagoers attending public screenings. The "German Independence Award – Originality, Daring, and Audacity" The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The "German Independence Award – Spirit of Cinema" The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The “Seymour Cassel Award- Outstanding Performance ” Named in homage to indie icon and longtime Festival friend and supporter, Seymour Cassel, the award honors a Female and Male actor for ‘Outstanding Performance’. All performances by artists in films selected for competition in the Independent Section are eligible for nomination. The awards are decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Advisory Board and Festival Director. The "German Independence Award – Best Short Film" All films selected for the Short Film section are nominated for the award. The award is decided by a jury of film professionals appointed by the Festival Director. The "Hans Olhms Award - Best First Feature" Inaugurated in 2023, all first feature films are nominated for the award. The award is decided by an international jury of film professionals appointed by the Festival Director and the Board of Directors of the Hans Ohlms Foundation. Note: Winners of the above awards consent to include the logo of the Festival and corresponding award laurels when advertising the film (i.e) on posters and in advertisements. 9. Shipping – for selected films only If selected, the exhibition copy of your film must be available for shipment from August 22, 2025. The Festival agrees to cover the cost of shipping and insuring prints/hard drives in both directions. The exceptions are shipment to or from other festivals, in which case standard practice of cost sharing will apply. All prints/hard drives will be returned to the address indicated by the sender within three weeks of the last day of the Festival. 10. Liability In case of loss or damage to a print/hard drive, the obligation of the Festival is limited to compensating the producer or distributor only to the cost of making a new print. Prints/Hard drives are fully insured during the period of possession by the Oldenburg International Film Festival, normal wear and tear excepted. The Festival Director has the right to rule on all cases not foreseen by these regulations as well as allowing for exceptions. By submitting the entry form the assigned accepts these regulations. Feature Film Short and Feature Films																							 >50'																																		 400'< Fee -8% PRO 18% Early 45$ 41.4$ 36.9$ 28 Mar 25 Standard 50$ 46$ 41$ 23 May 25 Late 70$ 64.4$ 57.4$ 13 Jun 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 13 Jun 25 Save up 9$ Submit Short Film Short Films																																		 49'< Fee -8% PRO 18% Early 20$ 18.4$ 16.4$ 28 Mar 25 Standard 25$ 23$ 20.5$ 23 May 25 Late 40$ 36.8$ 32.8$ 13 Jun 25 Get an Annual Pass and get the maximum discount on festival and submission fees Submissions deadline 13 Jun 25 Save up 4.5$ Submit Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy