Art Critique—Submit Here | Light Space & Time Online Art Gallery Home Exhibitions Art Exhibition Archives Solo Art Series Solo Art Exhibitions Artist Showcases Enter Here Rules Terms of Service Privacy Policy LST Archives Website Subscribe Art Critique—Submit Here In response to overwhelming requests from many of our artists, the Light Space & Time Online Art Gallery has launched the LST Art Critique Program. This program provides artists with an impartial evaluation of their work, assessing their skill, creativity, composition, color, balance, and perspective to aid in their artistic growth. Artists often find themselves stuck, regardless of the medium they are working with. Do you need a fresh perspective or a new set of eyes to tell you what may or may not be working? For the critique, we ask artists to provide details about the type of media they use and specify the specific areas they need assistance with - whether they have questions, issues, or areas of concern, etc. Whether it's a single piece or a collection of works that feels amiss, simply doesn't click, or is just not working, we can provide an unbiased evaluation. Artists can submit up to 3 artworks for critique. To critique 3 Dimensional artwork properly, we will need to examine it from three different perspectives. If 3D artists want to submit more than one artwork for critique, they must complete an additional critique submission form. Each 3D artwork will require a new $25 critique fee. For 3D artists seeking an evaluation of a body of work, they can simply email us at info@lightspacetime.art to inquire about the critique fee and receive a personalized quote. Please allow up to 2 weeks for us to get back to you. If we have questions or need more details, we will reach out to you via email to ensure a thorough critique. The critique fee is $25 for up to 3 artworks. The fee is inclusive of New Mexico Gross Receipts Tax (if applicable). Submittable Light Space & Time Online Art Gallery utilizes the Submittable platform to receive, process and jury all competition and art critique submissions. Submittable is an international platform that is used for administrative processing by over 9000 organizations that specialize in art, photography, publishing, music, film-making, education and grants. It provides artists with a free, secure and easy-to-use system to apply to a wide variety of national (and international) juried art exhibitions 24 hours a day. There is no cost to the artist to register on the site and all payments processed through Submittable are secure. Submittable accepts both credit cards and PayPal. Please note that Submittable is a 3rd Party Submission Management Platform. Therefore, if you have any issues submitting and/or technical issues with the platform, including password resets, please reach out to Submittable Support directly at submittersupport@submittable.com . Submittable Customer Support hours are Monday-Friday 9am-5pm MT (Mountain Time). Thank you. Use the Submit Here button below to submit your artwork for a critique today.  The link will direct you to the Submittable platform. To see the current competitions the gallery is running, please visit the Home Page . Menu Home About Benefits For Artists Art Related Links Artist News Newsletter Testimonials Gallery FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contact close Feedspot white Top 50 YouTube Channels Feedspot White Top 100 Art Blogs Artists Down Under 250 Artwork-Archive-Logo-700 Artists-Title-Their-Art Katie-Brennerman-article-700 Join our Mailing List Subscribe Light Space & Time Online Art Gallery A division of Fusion Art, LLC © 2024 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED 2nd Monthly Competition Button 2nd Monthly Competition Button 2nd Monthly Competition Button Art Critique 2nd Monthly Competition Button 2nd Monthly Exhibition Slide Main Monthly Exhibition Button Monthly Solo Exhibition Slide Artist Showcase Slide Artist Testimonials Slide close arrow-circle-o-down align-justify chevron-down ellipsis-v