Culture Directorate Malta: Artist in Residence Initiative 2025 (Malta) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Culture Directorate Malta: Artist in Residence Initiative 2025 (Malta) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Malta The Culture Directorate Malta welcomes applications from international artists to benefit from an Artist in Residence programme, offering the opportunity to develop their work in Malta over a period of one month taking place any time between 1 July and 30 September 2025. The Artist in Residence 2025 envisions to position Malta as an innovative artistic hub and through different artistic collaborations directly contribute to advance a broad understanding of culture and enhance its visibility and role in promoting dialogue and democracy. The call invites participation by artists hailing from across different regions. The residency provides a platform for exploration, connection and reflection across artistic disciplines. The call is open for established and emerging artists with a minimum of two years of proven experience in their respective field. Theresidency is open to artists from all countries and all disciplines. The allocated budget caters for a maximum of two artists. There is a maximum total budget of 10,000 EUR per artist. The Artist in Residence will be supported with travelling expenses , accommodation, an artistic fee and per-diem allowance, which will be discussed at agreement stage with the selected artists. Deadline: 28 April 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Malta Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap