Sony World Photography Awards | World Photography Organisation User menu Home Partners Press FAQs Login Register Newsletter Select your language English Japanese Chinese, Traditional Français Italian Español Korean Chinese, Simplified Indonesian Deutsch Portuguese, Portugal Thai Vietnamese Turkish Sony competition Picture This Winners & Shortlist How to Submit Prizes Judges Rules Picture This Winners & Shortlist How to Submit Prizes Judges Rules Main nav About Who we are Photographers' Directory Sony World Photography Awards Exhibition Travelling Exhibition Competitions Professional competition Open competition Student competition Youth competition Japan National Award Latin America Professional Award Alpha Female Award Galleries OCP Judges Success Stories Shop Programme Creators for the Planet Sustainability Prize Featured Blog News Inspiration Technique Videos Search Search About Who we are Photographers' Directory Sony World Photography Awards Exhibition Travelling Exhibition Competitions Professional competition Open competition Student competition Youth competition Japan National Award Latin America Professional Award Alpha Female Award Galleries OCP Judges Success Stories Shop Programme Creators for the Planet Sustainability Prize Featured Blog News Inspiration Technique Videos Search Burger menu Breadcrumb Home » Sony World Photography Awards With its unparalleled reach, the Sony World Photography Awards elevate the careers of photographers to the next level. Since the beginning, the Awards have championed inclusivity and access by being free to enter. Acting as an insight into photography today in all its diversity, the Awards spotlights photographers telling the stories of our time. Professional competition Professional competition Enter your best photo series - you could win $25,000, a solo exhibition, a range of top Sony digital imaging equipment plus benefit from global exposure ENTER NOW Open competition Open competition Enter your best single images - you could win $5,000, a range of top Sony digital imaging equipment plus benefit from global exposure ENTER NOW Student competition Student competition Provides a platform for photography students worldwide - first prize is top Sony digital imaging equipment plus benefit from global exposure ENTER NOW Youth competition Youth competition Dedicated to young photographers under 19 years-old - first prize is top Sony digital imaging equipment plus benefit from global exposure ENTER NOW Timeline Competitions Timeline Sony World Photography Awards 2026 open 1 June 2025, 13:00 (BST) Student competition closes 28 November 2025, 13:00 (GMT) Youth competition closes 6 January 2026, 13:00 (GMT) Open competition (including National & Regional Awards and Alpha Female Award) closes 6 January 2026, 13:00 (GMT) Professional competition (including Latin America Professional Award, Japan National Award and Sustainability Prize) closes 13 January 2026, 13:00 (GMT) Sony’s commitment The objective of the Sony World Photography Awards is to establish a platform for the continuous development of photographic culture. The Awards do this by recognising great contributions to photography in the past through the Outstanding Contribution to Photography prize as well as finding new talents of the future and providing them with the opportunity to be promoted and exhibited around the world. Sony is committed to photographic culture by extending their relationship with individual winners beyond the Awards to develop the individuals’ careers. Sony World Photography Awards - competitions Professional Competition Open Competition Student Competition Youth Competition Architecture & Design Architecture & Design The judges are looking for the ability to capture the design and functionality of built structures. Subject matter can be wide-ranging, from building exteriors and interiors to urban and rural landscapes shaped by architecture. Key to the project are elements such as light, scale, angles, lines and design features. Creative Creative Judges are looking to reward originality, experimentation and imagination.  This category actively encourages the creative use of the medium of photography in all its forms, from photograms to cutting-edge photographic techniques. Subject matter can be varied and may include abstract and conceptual ideas, but a creative concept and thematic link between the images is key. Documentary Projects Documentary Projects The judges are looking for bodies of work that offer deeper insight and exploration into a chosen subject. Projects should weave a visual narrative that is informative and original, and reflects the realities of the topic. Environment Environment Judges are seeking bodies of work that tell the stories of our planet, and the people, animals and plants that inhabit it. Projects in this category should address the challenges facing our planet today, as well as the efforts taken to protect and conserve it. Landscape Landscape This category welcomes series that showcase spaces and terrains across the world in all their variety, from large-scale aerials to intimate views. Judges will focus on the project’s ability to tell a timely and compelling story through this classic genre. Creative approaches to landscape photography are welcome in this category. Perspectives Perspectives This category encourages series that tell a story through a variety of formats and genres - from using a documentary or creative approach to mixing portraiture, landscapes and still life - brought together in an intentional manner and in a cohesive edit with a clear sense of narrative. The judges are looking for bodies of work ranging from well-known stories or everyday moments captured in new angles, to depicting lesser-known subcultures or reimagining local tales, the series should demonstrate a distinct voice and a fascination with the subject. Portraiture Portraiture Judges are looking for interesting, original, strong and evocative photographs, and the category should be interpreted in its widest sense.  The resulting images should demonstrate a likeness to the subject and may convey expression, emotion and / or personality. Sport Sport Judges are looking for images that capture the intensity, emotions and action of the chosen sport subject.  It could be professional or amateur, the focus could be on the sportsperson, the sport environment, the effort expended, the struggle or conflict or the rewards, but a strong narrative must be present. Still Life Still Life Often a group or an arrangement of objects, Still Life typically depicts inanimate subject matters.  The approach can be classic or innovative and bold.  Judges will closely consider the interpretation of the subject (composition, lighting and framing) when viewing the work. Wildlife & Nature Wildlife & Nature Judges are looking for artistic images of the natural world. The category should be understood in its widest sense, celebrating the diversity of life on our planet, from plants and animals, to the fungi and microorganisms that live in our ecosystems. Architecture Architecture The photographing of buildings or structures, this can be real or an interpretation of a building but the work must have an intended aesthetic. Creative Creative A photograph which uses the medium of photography creatively.  Technically manipulated images - such as abstract, panoramic, stitched and composite, amongst others - are welcomed. Landscape Landscape Your view of the physical world.  Open wide to interpretation, this category covers landscapes, mountains, glaciers, plants and more. Lifestyle Lifestyle Photographs of people in situations or events. The image should tell the story of the person while documenting the scene in an artistic manner. Images are meant to appear natural but can be directed or shot candidly. Editorial, fashion, family and event photography can all overlap with lifestyle. Motion Motion Capturing movement within a single, still image. Natural World & Wildlife Natural World & Wildlife Images of the natural environment and all within it. Object Object Typically depicting inanimate subject matter, often a group or an arrangement of objects devoid of human presence. This can include photography for commercial and advertising purposes but must show the photographer’s artistic approach. Portraiture Portraiture The photographer should clearly show the expression and emotion of the person / group of people being photographed.  Normally the subject is aware that the photograph is being taken and there is a relationship between the sitter and the portrait. Street Photography Street Photography An image that records everyday life in a public space. Travel Travel Inspiring images from your travels; the journeys may be close to home or further afield. Together Together Togetherness can take many meanings, shapes and forms. It is a subject rich for exploration. Throughout history photographers have looked at life in communities in both the human and the natural world, considering the ways that individuals exist as members of a group.

For this year’s brief, we invite students to explore the theme of togetherness from any angle they choose, looking at the concept in its broadest sense. From intimate stories of camaraderie, to big and small communities working towards shared goals, to places and spaces that bring us together, and patterns of connection in the natural world - we invite you to consider the innate need for sociality in all living beings. 

Your images can be taken on any device, shot in any style, and approached from any angle you feel is best. While creative responses are encouraged, photographers must stick to the brief. Open Call: Show us your best images! Open Call: Show us your best images! Enter your favourite photographs taken in 2025. Submit up to three of your striking single images from the past year and share them with the judges. All photographic styles, genres and approaches are welcome – enter your top standout images you think will catch the judge’s eye and imagination. © 2016-2025 Creo Arts Group Site by Moore-Wilson Footer Partners Photographers' Directory Press Privacy Policy Sitemap Terms of use