Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin: ‘Addressing Heritage Loss’ Fellowship 2026–27 (Germany) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Fellowships The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin: ‘Addressing Heritage Loss’ Fellowship 2026–27 (Germany) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists, Researchers & Critics Cross-disciplinary , Cultural Heritage , Film Destination countries: Germany The Centre for Advanced Study inherit.heritage in transformation, a BMBF-funded Käte Hamburger Kolleg based at the Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, explores historical, contemporary, and potential future transformations in heritage. inherit’s work is guided by its intellectual agenda, which sets out the Centre’s context, rationale, and aims. Annually, up to fifteen international fellows engage in research activities at the Centre. Fellowships for 2026-27 will run from 1 October 2026 until 31 July 2027. Applications for fellowships for 2026-7 should address the topic of Addressing Heritage Loss. Applications should also relate to one or more of the guiding themes: decentring the west, decentring the human, and transforming value. Successful projects are likely to be based in original empirical or archival study/analysis of source material (which may have already been undertaken) or creative work. Researchers and topics from areas currently underrepresented in heritage scholarship, including the global South and Eastern Europe, are especially encouraged to apply. The programme also welcomes applications from artists, film-makers and curators. Other than for short visits elsewhere, it is required that fellows spend the time of their fellowship in Berlin and that they participate in the work of inherit. A monthly stipend whose rate is determined by career stage and whether family members accompany the fellow, or, in the case of applicants based in Germany, replacement cover, will be awarded. In addition, the costs for the return journey (economy) to Berlin and any necessary visa costs will be reimbursed. Fellows are required to cover accommodation, health insurance and any further costs. A work space at the Centre is provided. Deadline: 14 April 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap