Home - Mattie Kelly Arts Center : Mattie Kelly Arts Center 2024-2025 MKAC Season is here! Check out our Brochure Box Office: (850) 729-6000 Buy Tickets News Contact Us Search Search 100 College Boulevard East Niceville, FL 32578 Shows and Events Buy Tickets Season Brochure Seating and Accommodations Plan Your Stay Policies & FAQs Community Art Galleries Call for Art Exhibitions Permanent Collection NWF State College Programs Northwest Florida Symphony Orchestra Educational & Community Programs Venue Support Corporate Sponsorship Friends of the Season Volunteer Opportunities BRINGING AMAZING ENTERTAINMENT to the Gulf Coast BUY TICKETS EVENTS SCHEDULE Celebrating More Than 25 Years as the Premier Entertainment & Cultural Venue of the Gulf Coast Welcome to Mattie Kelly Arts Center , located along the beautiful Emerald Coast in Northwest Florida. For more than 25 years, MKAC has been providing world-class productions to patrons in the Southeastern United States. In addition to hosting Broadway shows, the Arts Center is also home to the Northwest Florida State College Department of Humanities, Fine & Performing Arts, and hosts a myriad of student-run shows. The Arts Center boasts a variety of theaters, galleries, and even an outdoor amphitheater that makes it an ideal venue for any style of performance. The Northwest Florida Symphony Orchestra The Northwest Florida Symphony is the premier professional orchestra on the Emerald Coast. The ensemble performs an annual concert series from September to April on the main stage of the beautiful Mattie Kelly Arts Center. Performances include classics, family, pops, and educational concerts, featuring internationally acclaimed guest soloists and emerging local talent. The NFSO hosts the annual John Leatherwood Concerto Competition which awards scholarship money to junior, high school, and collegiate division winners as well as the opportunity to perform with the orchestra in the yearly Stars of Tomorrow concert. The orchestra is also involved in a number of educational and community outreach initiatives including the Carnegie Hall Link-up concerts, which connect to schools throughout two local counties and hosts hundreds of students in an interactive concert every year at the Mattie Kelly Arts Center. style=”position:relative;padding-top:max(60%,326px);height:0;width:100%”><iframe allow=”clipboard-write” sandbox=”allow-top-navigation allow-top-navigation-by-user-activation allow-downloads allow-scripts allow-same-origin allow-popups allow-modals allow-popups-to-escape-sandbox allow-forms” allowfullscreen=”true” style=”position:absolute;border:none;width:100%;height:100%;left:0;right:0;top:0;bottom:0;” src=”https://e.issuu.com/embed.html?d=nfso_seasonbrochure_2023-24_-_3&u=nwfscstratcomm”></iframe></div> Arts, Performance & Speaker Series ART GALLERIES BROADWAY & ARTIST SHOWS NORTHWEST FLORIDA SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA NORTHWEST FLORIDA STATE COLLEGE HUMANITIES, FINE & PERFORMING ARTS What Our Patrons Are Saying Bob D. Facebook Review "The Arts Center continues to bring nothing but the best from the entertainment world to Northwest Florida." Bob D., Facebook Review Josie E. Facebook Review "Got to see this magnificent place for the first time and I am now in love. It's a place you must go visit and see a show." Josie E., Facebook Review SHUEYW Tripadvisor Review "Elegant surroundings, great acoustics with not a bad seat in the house." SHUEYW, Tripadvisor Review Jon D Tripadvisor Review "From traveling Broadway shows such as this and Pippen, to Jerry Seinfeld and separately Jason Alexander, to tribute bands for Queen, Billy Joel and Elton John - this place keeps you entertained in grand style. Beautiful hall with ample seating. 2 thumbs up!" Jon D,  Tripadvisor Review Emerald P Tripadvisor Review "Always superb entertainment! Easy access with two parking lots & never a long jam to get out after the show. Seating excellent from anywhere in the house! Chairs comfy. Area clean. Host & hostesses are helpful & cheerful. We've attended many events, plays, musicals, school events, etc. Never disappointed." Emerald P,  Tripadvisor Review drpeggy850 Review "We have seen the Northwest Florida Symphony Orchestra several times. They are excellent. This month we went to see "Sinatra-The Ultimate Tribute Concert" If you ever get to see Brian Duprey portray Frank Sinatra you will not be disappointed." drpeggy850,  Tripadvisor Review April L. Review "Love your productions!! The college productions are as good if not better than broadways shows that I have seen. So impressed with and proud of the students, staff, and faculty. And we love visiting the galleries before the plays." April L., Facebook Review 100 College Boulevard, East Niceville, FL 32578 (850) 729-6000 [email protected] Mon-Thurs 10am - 4pm / 90 minutes before showtime. Navigation About Home Shows & Events NFSO Art Galleries Community Venue Support More Information Buy Tickets Policies & FAQs Plan Your Stay News Stay Connected Notice: JavaScript is required for this content. © 2025 Copyright Mattie Kelly Arts Center. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use