Artist in Residence Program at the Factory  — The Factory on Willow 0 Skip to Content VISIT The HOTEL The DISTILLERY The VENUES Double Midnight Comics RENT Unfurnished Studios Furnished Studios ART Artists in Residence Meet the Artists Lance Johnson Art Catalog Artists Partnerships ABOUT About the Property Awards Contact CONTACT Open Menu Close Menu VISIT The HOTEL The DISTILLERY The VENUES Double Midnight Comics RENT Unfurnished Studios Furnished Studios ART Artists in Residence Meet the Artists Lance Johnson Art Catalog Artists Partnerships ABOUT About the Property Awards Contact CONTACT Open Menu Close Menu Folder: VISIT Back The HOTEL The DISTILLERY The VENUES Double Midnight Comics Folder: RENT Back Unfurnished Studios Furnished Studios Folder: ART Back Artists in Residence Meet the Artists Lance Johnson Art Catalog Artists Partnerships Folder: ABOUT Back About the Property Awards Contact CONTACT Develop your next artist series as an AIR At The Factory on Willow A 12-week non-profit program designed to bring artists from around the world to Manchester, NH. Our program fosters an environment that allows creative freedom to explore, define, and polish your working portfolio. Become a recognized sponsor 2025 Residencies Status: Booked 2026 Residencies Apply Today “Community.  From the moment I arrived in the Factory’s beautiful live/work space, the entire AIR team was welcoming and kind.  My studio is a community.  Without meeting people, there is no subsequent creative artwork.  The AIR team established the foundation for a creative environment that allowed me to be independent, explore, and immerse myself in Manchester.  The Residency and Exhibition prepared me to then pursue my creative journey at a much deeper level across the communities of America.” -Jay Goldberg, Summer 2023 “The residency offered me so much more than I could have ever expected. The AiR program is connected to a truly supportive and enthusiastic team, enabling me to feel both encouraged and equipped throughout my whole experience. There is also an active community of creatives throughout the city of Manchester too, and these connections, alongside those I made directly through the residency program offered me so much. Amira Hasoon, Fall 2022 “The residency connections formed the conceptual basis for my final work, and created lasting professional relationships which will stretch out into the future. I have been in contact with ARMI about possible international projects in London and Seoul, and the article about my work in NH Magazine will be released sometime this month. In my experience, it is specifically these types of networking opportunities which further an artists' career.” Alexander Augustus, Winter 2022 "When I got into the studio apartment provided by the Factory Artist in Residence program, I was delighted about the space and the change of environment and grateful for the opportunity." "Manchester is a warm place. It’s full of people going on about their lives, striving for something better - you’ll find this everywhere, but Manchester feels the most like this without pretence." Adeyemi Adebayo, Summer 2024 “Being chosen to take part of the AiR program was a blessing!, I didn’t know how bad I needed to be immersed in my art. The opportunity led me to realize my true strengths and weaknesses. I learned how to stay true to myself and my artistry with every challenge that arose. I think every artist, sorely needs a program like this no matter what level in their career they’re in.” . Manny “Phelany” Ramirez,  Fall 2021 “The Artist in Residence program at the Factory is truly one of transformation. The AiR team is fully supportive in each artists growth while maintaining the artist’s individual creative needs. I highly recommend this program for any creative that has the urge to purge their creativity without obstacles and feels the need to transcend their work to another level.” Cecilia Ulibarri, Fall 2021 “The residency has allowed dedicated time and space to reconsider and push my practice forward. I have enjoyed visiting the Currier Museum and getting to know the arts community in Manchester.” Anthony Peyton, Summer 2021 “We have been wanting to participate in a residency together ever since meeting each other in graduate school. I am grateful for this opportunity that allowed us to meaningfully converse and collaborate throughout our residency.” Julia Kown, Summer 2021 "It was a pleasure to have done this residency. Not only was it a perfect opportunity to develop my current work, but it also allowed me to take the time to meet creatives, visit historical locations, and learn about different crafting practices that informed my making process. I found this AiR program to be a unique experience that offered ample time to work freely and grow as an artist." Ray Chang, Summer 2024 Fostering innovation & experimentation for amateur and newly emerging artists. The Factory’s AIR program is designed to support emerging artists with a place to live for up to 3 months. During this time selected applicants can focus full-time on further developing their creative practice as they take steps to cross the bridge into becoming career professionals. We curate stipends for supplies, food & travel. You curate art! Selected applicants are provided a studio apartment with baseic household amenities, heat, hot water, electricity & internet provided. Additionally each artist is granted a $350 travel stipend and a $1600 stipend that covers food and art supplies. Each residency concludes with an artist opening celebration. The Opening acts as a solo or duo exhibition to feature each artist’s developing works.  Our onsite event space is set up to feature your installations and presentations to the local community. AIR’s may also organize/host additional public events/programs (artist talks, community dinners, workshop, studio visits, etc.) Preview the event space here The AIR program Runs Three Times a Year Session 1: March - May  |  Session 2: June - August   |  Session 3: September - November List of Past AIR’s Am I a Good Fit For This Program? Assessing what level your creative practice is at HOBBY ARTIST Creating/performing just for fun Lacks consistent style or technique Blank resume/cv You’re not a good fit for The Factories AIR program just yet. AMATEUR ARTIST Creating/performing regularly Beginnings of a consistent style & quality Starting to appear in exhibitions or at venues Starting to network with other artists and organizations. You may be a good Fit! Apply EMERGING ARTIST High quality of executions Exhibiting in smaller art galleries/venues Starting to have sales of high-grade work or tickets to performances Some art world validation (institutional exhibitions, residencies, awards, etc.) Regularly developing & maintaining relationships in the art world. You're an ideal Fit! Apply ADVANCED EMERGING ARTIST Materials, tools, and quality of executions on a professional level Represented by small to medium-sized art galleries At least a half dozen group exhibitions + solo at high-end venues Some art world validation (institutional exhibitions, residencies, awards, etc.) You may be too advanced in your career for what this program can offer. Consider applying and talk with our team. Apply Located inside a reimagined historic property. The Factory on Willow is located less than a half mile from Manchester’s downtown scene. The property provides a multitude of amenities and is centrally located within the state making exploration to Boston, the White Mountains and the seacoast only a 45 minute drive. The property hosts a small gym, community garden, comic book shop, event space, dog park and a distillery. Yes, The Factory on Willow is dog friendly!  🐶 Residency Live/Work Studios Selected applicants are provided a studio apartment with basic household amenities like coffee pots, cookware, and utensils. The program also covers all, heat, hot water, electricity & internet provided to the artist unit. Artist also have the option to expand their creative workspace area into our lower level commercial lot. Expectations for Selected Applicants Time to step out of your comfort zone: The program will create some introductions to the local artist communities but it is also necessity of each artist to this pursue avenues of growth themselves. Project planning: Artists plan their creative executions with the programs stipends in mind. Works that go beyond the scope of the AIR stipends will depend on self funding or acquiring community partnerships/sponsors. Exhibitions: Each program concludes with a capstone celebration to feature the progress of each artists creative practice during their time at the residency. This public showing gives emerging artists a date to invite friends, family, an the community to see their work. Giving Back: The program requires for each artist to donate once piece created during their residency to be part of the Factory on Willow’s permanent collection. Works are displayed through the campas. A City of Connection Manchester, New Hampshire Manchester is New Hampshire’s largest city and has experienced a sure in development and population growth over the last decade. Our reimagined Silicon Mill yard has pushed our traditionally historic mill buildings into an Eastern technological renaissance. Additionally, creative organizations like Mosaic Art Collective , See/Saw Gallery , Art at French , MHT Art Walk , Manchester Maker Space , The Currier Museum of Art , Studio 550 , and The Palace & Rex Theaters . The Community Benefit Creative Exchange is Driving Manchester’s Transformation The local community of Manchester, NH gets to experience and meet world traveling artists. So far the program has created over a dozen artist + small business collaborations growing our cities exposure to creative exchange. (ie. workshops, lectures, mural collaborations) Application Process The applications are reviewed by an art committee whose efforts ensure that a broad range of artistic disciplines, styles, and national origins are represented. We ask that your application include your CV / artist statement, portfolio and a project proposal with a general idea of what you would like to develop during your residency. There is no applicant fee and the deadline is rolling, but we encourage you to apply as our spots fill up quickly Submit Your Application Click To Download Download The Air Packet And help us get the word out by sharing this opportunity with your friends and family. Become an AiR Partner or Sponsor Support the Air Program The Factory On Willow 252 Willow St, Manchester, NH 03103 Join Our Monthly Newsletter Be the first to know about events, amenities, and concepts being added in 2024. We send one email each month to keep you informed! Email Address Sign Up We respect your privacy. Thank you! Parking Info Contact APARTMENTS Live/Work Units Furnished Units DISTILLERY Manchester Distillery FOOD TRUCK PATIO Visit The Patio Become a Food Truck Resident HOTELS Airbnbs ARTIST IN RESIDENCE PROGRAM Be An Artist in Residence Meet The Artists Lance Johnson - Art Is Political Catalog Support Our Artists Program ART AT THE FACTORY Artwork On Campus Showcase Your Work EVENTS RENTAL SPACE Wedding Venue Rental Corporate Event Rental Special Event Rental Political Event Rental EVENTS View our Event Calendar ABOUT About Press & Awards Contact FAQ’s