Call Out — SPAM ︎ Creative Call ︎ ︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎ SPAM New Media Festival September 12th-14th, 2025 Open Call for Creative Work Submissions SPAM New Media
Festival invites artists and practitioners working with digital, experimental
and emerging artforms to submit work for the 2025 Festival. We seek proposals for creative
work to be presented at the Georgetown Steam Plant in Seattle. Potential
submissions include, but are not limited to, interactive and immersive works
and installations, video and projection mapping, audio and music installations
and live performances, artist talks, workshops, demonstrations, and screenings.
While we ask that applicants take the venue’s unique qualities into account,
submissions do not need to respond specifically to the site in theme or concept.
A virtual map of the venue can be explored here. For this year’s Open
Call, we are continuing with our expanded map of terms, key ideas, themes and
areas of exploration, which we have been gathering with each festival iteration.
We see the festival as a vessel/container for holding and germinating artist
projects in different stages of recognition and development, and welcome contributions
which entangle with, emerge from, or leak into these different nodes of
engagement with digital art and culture. As we mentioned last year, for some
the points on the map may be of use in situating their submission within the
ethos of the festival, but applicants are not limited to the themes and ideas
plotted. We are asking for artist contributions which will help us to expand
our critical dialogue with new media art, digital culture and technology-driven
work. Submissions To apply for inclusion in SPAM New Media Festival 2025, please email a 2-4
page submission proposal and a CV/portfolio (no page limit) to us at spamnewmediafestival@gmail.com with the subject title “2025 Festival Submission”. We ask that both are in PDF
format and named accordingly. Links to online portfolios may be provided within
an uploaded PDF. Proposals
should include: Artist Statement (up to 300 words) Explanation of creative work, to be used for
 the selection process only (500-800 words) Images which will help festival organizers to
 best understand and visualize your proposed creative work Technical requirements, including installation
 or any other needs specific to your work Relevant links to documentation of previous
 and/or proposed work Artist Compensation SPAM New Media Festival functions as a grassroot community of art workers and depends on the in-kind donation of venues and other resources from our supporters. We are, therefore, unable to cover travel or transport expenses for participating artists. While compensating artists is an important value of the festival,  we are still working hard to fundraise for the 2025 festival, so do not yet know the scale of compensation we can offer artists this year. Timeline Submissions for creative works will close at 5pm on Friday May 16th 2025 Pacific Time . Applicants will be notified the status of their submission in late May/early June 2025. Contact Please contact us at spamnewmediafestival@gmail.com with any questions
regarding the submission process. ︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎︎ ← ︎ →