OPEN CALL | Residency Program ZARATAN AIR 2025 | Zaratan - Arte Contemporânea pt en Exhibits Events Residencies Shop Partners Artists About OPEN CALL | Residency Program ZARATAN AIR 2025 30 Abril 2025 00h00 OPEN CALL | May > December 2025 Residency Program ZARATAN AIR DEADLINE | Until April 30, 2025 (24h00) ELIGIBILITY | Emerging and professional artists, performers, musicians, curators, writers and other cultural agents are eligible to apply. The residency program is designed for international artists - or national artists residing abroad - for the development of artistic projects, individual or collective. Zaratan defends a multidisciplinary and experimental attitude, where all the areas and the languages of the artistic expression are considered. DURATION | 4 weeks RESIDENCY PERIOD | Between May 2025 and December 2025 ABOUT ZARATAN AIR | Driven by the desire to intensify and exchange knowledge with artists through creative and productive practices, in 2015 Zaratan announced the promotion of an international art residency. Our goal is to mix experienced with emerging artists and give them the possibility to bring their work in an experimental context through exchange and collaboration within the local network. The artists-in-residence at Zaratan are given the opportunity to develop a project over a fixed period of time, and to reflect and consolidate their artistic practice in the specific context of Lisbon. We provide private accommodation, 24/7 private working studio, technical assistance, promotion and communication support, open public presentation of the residency process. Although labs and technique-specific facilities are not available, we will do our best to fulfill your needs, providing logistical support for producing work and events within our network of partners and collaborators. All artists are encouraged and welcome to share the outcome of their residency through talks, performance, open studios or other formats of public presentations. APPLICATION PROCESS | If you wish to apply to our annual grant please email us at production@zaratan.pt with the following information (1 PDF file not exceeding 24mb): - Bio/CV; - Portfolio or website; - Description of the work/project you intend to carry on during the residency; - Period you intend to stay at Zaratan. APPLICATION EVALUATION | Applications are evaluated by a selection committee composed of artists, curators, community members and spaces board members. Applicants will be notified via email as soon as possible after selections have been made. MORE INFORMATION | residencies@zaratan.pt | [+351] 967 580 235 | www.zaratan.pt Zaratan | Arte Contemporânea © 2025 All rights reserved