Open Call Panoramas Exhibition sayhello@artlymix.com Home About Open Calls Projects Fragmentos Exhibition Orbital Exhibition Harmonia Exhibition Instante Exhibition THE BEAT Exhibition - Brazil + UK FAQ Contact More Cart 0 $0.00 Menu OPEN CALL - Panoramas Exhibition 5 - 18 July 2025 Mon - Fri: 1 - 6pm OPENING: Sat 5 July 2025 - 5pm Echos Studio Rua Pelotas 400, Vila Mariana SAO PAULO - BRAZIL SUBMISSIONS DEADLINE: Thu 1 2 June 2025 A unique opportunity for artists to show their work in a different country without having to be physically present. Click here for our previous exhibitions. OPEN CALL - Group Exhibition Please read the guidelines and apply below ARTWORKS Open theme Send min. 3 - max. 5 images (from different artworks). Show your best work! Artworks can be in any medium, but the artworks must be in DIGITAL FORMAT , meaning that paintings, illustrations, mix-media, sculptures and other formats will have to be scanned or photographed and sent to us. Short films and videos of performances are also accepted but they must be under 10min long. Artists from all nationalities, backgrounds and of all styles are welcome to submit. Collaborations are also welcome. Please resize your images to 30 x 40 cm ( 11.81 x 15.75 inches) or square size 30 x 30 cm (11.81 x 11.81 inches) or provide the link for the videos. We will print and mount all the selected images in Brazil with the consent of the artists. The artists will not have to worry about anything. No crating, no shipping, no customs. We will take care of every detail. Exhibiting your art in a different country could not have been easier! PARTICIPATION FEE FREE Submission (send min. 3 - max. 5 images) Only the artists who get selected will be asked to pay the participation fee in order to cover the expenses (see list below). Participation fee (for retangular 30x40cm, square 30x30cm or short video) 1 artwork - US$100 (around £80 / €90) 2 artworks - US$200 (around £160 / € 180) 3 artworks - US$300 (around £240 / € 270) Participation Fee Includes Exhibition space Curating and organising the exhibition Translating from English to Portuguese Printing and mounting each artwork (30x40cm or 30x30cm) Hanging the artworks Videos and performances shown in a loop Exhibition webpage (part of this website) Print material (poster, labels, etc) Marketing and promotion Private View (food, beverages, bartender, etc) Pictures of the Private View Pictures of each artwork work in the venue Please check a detailed explanation about the exhibition costs . Click here for our previous exhibitions. Submit your artwork(s) in the button below. SUBMIT HERE SUBMISSIONS DEADLINE EXTENDED: Thu 12 June 2025 Please check the FAQ if you have any questions. SELECTION PROCESS All submissions will be reviewed and selected by the curator: Juliana Lauletta. Artworks can be selected before the deadline. Please note that the decisions are final and we are unable to offer feedback. PAYMENT METHODS Only the selected artists will receive the payment link by email and will have 3 days after selection to pay the participation fee and secure their spot. Payments can be made through PayPal and Credit/Debit Card. REFUND POLICY After submitting the form and paying the participation fee, the artists will be part of the show and we will hold their spaces. If the artist cancel close to the date, it is nearly impossible for us to schedule another artist in their place. Therefore, there are NO REFUNDS after making the payment. SALES Only artists present at the Private View/Opening event in Brazil can have their artworks up for sale. As a cultural centre, our role differs from that of a commercial gallery; hence, we abstain from participating in the sales process between artists and collectors. Should a collector express interest in a piece, the artist will be directly connected to them by the curator, facilitating independent negotiations without any commission from us. Being artists, we recognise the value of establishing direct connections between artists and collectors. ABOUT US Artly Mix is an artist-led, self-funded, and independent arts organisation located in the prestigious Vila Mariana neighbourhood of Sao Paulo, Brazil. We work tirelessly to create opportunities for artists from around the world. Since our first exhibition in 2019, we have proudly showcased the works of over 800 artists from 78 different countries. We believe in fostering artistic diversity and providing a platform for emerging and established artists to express their creativity. Join us on our journey as we continue to celebrate art in all its forms and connect global artistic communities. DATES Submission Deadline: Thu 12 June 2025 (till 23:59) Payment for the Selected Artists: Max. 3 days after selection Exhibition Starts : Saturday 5 July 2025 (5pm) Exhibition Ends : Friday 18 July  2025 (6pm) Terms and Conditions Get in touch Email sayhello@artlymix.com Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy ©2023 ArtlyMix. All rights reserved. Cookies We use cookies to enable the proper functioning and security of our website, and to offer you the best possible user experience. Accept only necessary Accept all Advanced settings You can customize your cookie preferences here. Enable or disable the following categories and save your selection. Essential cookies The essential cookies are essential for the safe and correct operation of our website and the registration process. Functional cookies Functional cookies remember your preferences for our website and enable its customization. Performance cookies Performance cookies monitor the performance of our website. Marketing / third party cookies Marketing cookies allow us to measure and analyze the performance of our website. Save