Art Castle HOME ABOUT ARTIST RESIDENCY APPLY FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CONTACT Powered by Suffix E Solutions A rt Castle International is a cultural organization
                          for the promotion of contemporary art in all artistic
                          forms on an international level, simultaneously
                          engaging the local community. Art Castle International is an initiative to provide an
                          array of creative support services and professional
                          developmental opportunities for emerging and
                          mid-career artists through short-term residency
                          programmes, progressive exhibitions and engaging
                          public events that foster global understanding and
                          dynamic cross-cultural dialogues. The residency started its journey from 2015 in Poovar,
                          a coastal village 30 km from Trivandrum city, and
                          continued for a year before briefly closing to work
                          in a new location. With the residency in Trivandrum
                          the artists can now engage in and explore the many
                          cultural events in the city ranging from art exhibitions,
                          music concerts and traditional handicrafts to classical
                          music and dance performances. Our mission is to present diverse platforms on which
                          to nurture creative inspiration and cross- pollination
                          of innovative ideas by bringing visual artists from
                          different parts of the world to work with each other.
                          The residency is situated in Thiruvananthapuram, the
                          capital of Kerala. Art Castle welcomes visual artists of
                          all media. Thiruvananthapuram is always active with
                          cultural activities and programmes, art exhibitions. A rt Castle International Artist Residency is 
                        open to artists of all nationalities and ages. Just 3 
                        Km from Government Museum, the residency is 
                        ideally located in a peaceful and lush area in the city 
                        of Trivandrum. The residency was founded with 
                        the purpose of supporting creative endeavors and 
                        welcomes visual artists of all media. The artists will 
                        each be provided with a bedroom, private studio 
                        and a roof top common studio for their works. During the stay each artist will be able to develop 
                        his/her project work in their various artistic fields. 
                        While working on their pieces, the residents 
                        are also free to explore the golf club, tennis club, 
                        museum, zoo and botanical garden nearby. Special 
                        sightseeing trips will also be facilitated for the artists 
                        on request. ACCOMMODATION Airconditioned bedrooms STUDIO SPACE Well equipped studio space DURATION Two weeks to 1 month residency RESIDENCY SCHEDULE 1 August - 28 August 2025 1 September - 28 September 2025 2 October - 30 October 2025 2 November - 30 November 2025 3 December – 30 December 2025 3 January – 30 January 2026 3 February – 28 February 2026 DEADLINE 30 June 2025 HOW TO APPLY Artists must upload the following in the application: 1. A curriculum Vitae 2. 7 jpg images of recent artworks 3. The Plan of work to be undertaken during the residency RESIDENCY FEE Residency fee is 600 Euro. The fee includes, > living space and access to studio > all official transportation within the residency period. > pick up and drop from the airport > Wi-Fi Apply Name: Nationality: Date of birth: Area of work: Samples of work (Max 7 JPG/JPEG images): Plan of work during the residency: FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 1. Is Wi-Fi provided? Yes. Wi-Fi will be provided throughout the residency. 2. Is food included in the fee? No. A well-equipped kitchen is available for cooking. Food can be ordered online, and door delivery is available. 3. Is partner allowed? Yes. Additional payment for accommodation will be required for the length of stay. 4. Are pets allowed? No. 5. Is there any age limit? Any artist above 20 years of age can participate. 6. Is cancellation possible? Residency can be cancelled before 45 days. 7. Is shorter or longer residency possible? Yes, on request. 8. Is laundry facility available? Linens and towels will be changed twice a week. A washing machine is provided for washing personal clothes. SATHEESH PAUL DIRECTOR TC. 23/1235 GOLF LINKS ROAD KOWDIAR GARDENS KOWDIAR P.O. THIRUVANANTHAPURAM KERALA, INDIA E-mail: artcastleinternational@gmail.com Call: +973 3981 3905 Notification This is a notification message. Close