Artists' Books Collection | Franklin Furnace Skip to content Home What We Do Grants The FUND FUND recipients The Jacki Apple Award The XENO Prize The Ariane Dewey Dannasch Empathetic Elementary Educator Award Artists’ Books Archives Event Archives Moving Image Vertical Files Collection The Flue Ree Morton Sketchbooks Publications Exhibitions Online Hidden in the Stacks: Digitizing the Franklin Furnace Archive Artists’ Books Vertical Files ABC to Z : Abecedaria & Dictionaries Shared Storytelling: New Acquisitions Dragging the Archive Historias 46: Artists’ Books Exhibition Who We Are About Us History People & Partners Governance News Upcoming Events Goings On Support Us Membership 2024-2025 Funders Members’ Websites Intern/Volunteer Donate The LOFT Upcoming Events LOFT Archive Toggle website search Search this website Menu Close Home What We Do Grants The FUND FUND recipients The Jacki Apple Award The XENO Prize The Ariane Dewey Dannasch Empathetic Elementary Educator Award Artists’ Books Archives Event Archives Moving Image Vertical Files Collection The Flue Ree Morton Sketchbooks Publications Exhibitions Online Hidden in the Stacks: Digitizing the Franklin Furnace Archive Artists’ Books Vertical Files ABC to Z : Abecedaria & Dictionaries Shared Storytelling: New Acquisitions Dragging the Archive Historias 46: Artists’ Books Exhibition Who We Are About Us History People & Partners Governance News Upcoming Events Goings On Support Us Membership 2024-2025 Funders Members’ Websites Intern/Volunteer Donate The LOFT Upcoming Events LOFT Archive Carol Alonge, Book-Like Drawn Objects , 2/19/1977, installation view. Franklin Furnace Artists' Books Collection The Collection Submission History The Franklin Furnace Artists’ Books Collection is now housed on the campus of Pratt Institute in Brooklyn. This research resource is made available to the faculty and students of Pratt as well as artists, curators, and the general public for study, enjoyment, and exhibition. Franklin Furnace actively seeks Artists’ Books to be donated to its collection. We request that you send one copy of your work, the completed biographic information form and bibliographic information form , and a resume. Also, if you can include other documentation of your work, scholars and other users of the collection will have the opportunity to use it for research purposes. Be advised that all information and materials you send will become the property of Franklin Furnace Archive, Inc. and may be used in exhibitions and publications. Check out our 2022 exhibition through its online portal: Artists’ Books from Franklin Furnace Archive, 1976-2022 *Due to a large backlog, as of August 22, 2023, donations of artists’ books for MoMA are not currently being accepted. Please stay posted for revised guidelines. It is important that all types of artists are represented by Franklin Furnace Archive. Franklin Furnace has a liberal collections policy – if an artist says their publication is an artists’ book, we usually take them at their word and accession it into our collection. Franklin Furnace does not collect  one-of-a-kind books; book sculptures; print portfolios; art catalogs; monographs; or still image excerpts from video works. Finally, bigger is not necessarily better. Franklin Furnace is a small nonprofit organization with storage limitations. We are set up for ordinary size artists’ books and book-like works, not oversize objects. If size is vital to the content, we may be able to accommodate an oversize artists’ book but please inquire ahead of time before you send it. Thank you very much for considering making a donation of artists’ books to Franklin Furnace Archive, Inc. Franklin Furnace began as an artists’ bookstore. When Printed Matter opened up a few blocks away, through a mutual agreement, Printed Matter became an artists’ bookstore and Franklin Furnace became an artists’ book archives and exhibition center. Years later, the Franklin Furnace collection of artists’ books became the largest in this country. In 1993 the collection was acquired by the Museum of Modern Art Library’s collection, forming the world’s premier repository, and entitled the Museum of Modern Art / Franklin Furnace / Artists’ Books Collection. To this day, Franklin Furnace maintains its own collection on the campus of Pratt Institute in Brooklyn. Franklin Furnace Archive 200 Willoughby Avenue, PMC510 Brooklyn, NY 11205-3802 (718) 687-5800 Monday-Friday, 10am-6pm and by appointment Instagram Vimeo Facebook Donate Susbscribe to Goings On About Us Archives Grants Goings On The LOFT Governance Intern/Volunteer Navigation Copyright 2020 | Website by the Franklin Furnace team × × Cart Loading Comments... Write a Comment... Email (Required) Name (Required) Website Skip to content Open toolbar Accessibility Tools Accessibility Tools Increase Text Increase Text Decrease Text Decrease Text Grayscale Grayscale High Contrast High Contrast Negative Contrast Negative Contrast Light Background Light Background Links Underline Links Underline Readable Font Readable Font Reset Reset