RESIDENCY - Osuuskunta Nostates FRONT PAGE RESIDENCY APPLICATION FOR RESIDENCY CONTACT US RESIDENCY PERIPETEIA ARTIST RESIDENCY “Run by Cooperative Nostates, Peripeteia Artist Residency is an artist residency located within the historical Törnävä mental hospital area in Seinäjoki, Western Finland. Surrounded by parks and conservation areas, the residency provides artists with an inspiring environment as well as accommodation and tools in a collective workspace within walking distance of essential services. The residency provides accommodation, workspace, and access to tools in a collective workspace for an artist-friendly fee. Members of the cooperative offer visiting artists a sense of community and a local network during their stay.” ​The Peripeteia artist residency offers three different options of varying lengths throughout the year in Seinäjoki. The aim of the residency is to provide the resources for focused creative work while also enabling interaction with the local community, enriching the cultural life of the area. Artists are encouraged to propose projects that foster interdisciplinary collaboration with local actors or involve creating art through presence and dialogue with the local community. This can take the form of participatory art, workshops, or exhibitions. The cooperative supports artists in finding local partners and collaborators. The residency values community, and is committed to social, cultural, economic, and ecological sustainability, as well as site-specific approaches. Duration of residency to apply for: 1—3 months Location: Historical Törnävä District, Seinäjoki, Finland Open to: Tools and suitable workspaces are available for painters, multidisciplinary artists, performing artists, designers, architects, textile and paper artists, writers, graphic artists, sculptors and ceramists, as well as researchers or curators. Artists from all fields are welcome if our space and tools are suitable for working! ASK MORE ABOUT ARTIST RESIDENCIES HOUSING AND WORKSPACE OPTIONS AT THE ARTIST RESIDENCY ​The Peripeteia Artist Residency provides three alternative packages for artists: The first one as work and accommodation spaces in different buildings. The package is well suited for oil painting, graphic artists, ceramicists or community artists, for example. ASK MORE ABOUT ARTIST RESIDENCIES The other option is an accommodation and workspace combo. The combination of spaces suits well for media artists, authors or for small scale working. Thirdly, mini-residencies lasting 1—3 weeks can be directly booked, for which no application is required. ​The accommodation price covers essential amenities such as water, electricity and heating, internet, bed linen, kitchenware and laundry facilities. Artists are responsible for their own travel and living expenses. The residency has private, lockable bedrooms for artists with a shared bathroom in the common area. The shared kitchen has essential cooking facilities, including a microwave, stove, and oven. Family members are welcome, but please be mindful of room size restrictions. Additional people joining the artist and incurring charges need to be agreed upon separately. Pets, unfortunately, are not allowed. Before arrival for a residency longer than a week, a reservation fee is required, which will be subtracted from the total cost. Please note that the reservation fee is non-refundable in the event of a no-show. The residence is not suitable for physically challenged people: The accommodation is located on the third floor of an old building and there is no elevator. Please note that there are four seasons in Finland! It is cold during the winter months, so the accommodation may also be cool. PRICES OF RESIDENCIES Apply for a residency SEPARATE WORKSPACE AND ACCOMMODATION This workspace is suitable for oil painters, ceramists and community artists, and the price includes amenities such as electricity and water. The room features an easel and a desk. For the same price, it is also possible to book a larger room equipped with tables, which can be used for public events of approximately 20 people. In the collective workspaces, there is also a possibility of using, for example, a graphic press, a hollander beater or ceramics kiln for a fee. The residency provides a starter kit of basic materials, although artists are generally responsible for covering the costs of their materials. ​Accommodation (18 m²) and workspace (about 10m² of the collective workspace) € 780 per month. (Incl. VAT.) WORKSPACE AND ACCOMMODATION COMBO A combination of work space and accommodation (18 m²) in the Peripeteia Artist Residency. For the same price, it is also possible to book a larger room equipped with tables, which can be used for public events of approximately 20 people. Suits for small scale working and for example for media artists. The bright room features a desk. Work space and accommodation combo (18 m²) € 670 per month. (Incl. VAT.) APPLY FOR A RESIDENCY ASK MORE ABOUT THIS OPTION MINI-RESIDENCIES AND GUEST ROOM Sometimes there are free vacancies between artists or someone may cancel a residency. In addition to actual residencies we offer shorter, from one night to three weeks mini-residencies or a guest room. We announce the free vacancies every now and then or you can always ask. One can book the short vacancies informally by emailing or calling. LIST OF PRICES ( Price includes value added tax.) Price per night, 1—3 nights, Work space and accommodation combo 45 € Price per week, Work space and accommodation combo 170 € Separate work space and accommodation / 2 weeks 390 € Work space and accommodation combo / 2 weeks 335 € Separate work space and accommodation / 3 weeks 585 € Work space and accommodation combo / 3 weeks 500 € SERVICES IN THE SURROUNDING AREA The nearest services to the residency are within walking distance. Right next to the collective work space are Restaurant Verstas and Theatre Hysteria. Within the Piiri area, you'll also find the Hospital Museum along with workspaces for artists and artisans. Törnävä Kebab Pizzeria is located one kilometer away. In Törnävä, 1.5 km from the residency, you’ll find S-Market Törnävä, a pharmacy, and Kotipizza. For outdoor recreation, the Törnävä Island park area is just over a kilometer away, along with nature trails around Lake Kyrkösjärvi and Jouppilanvuori Hill. More information about outdoor activities can be found on the city’s website. Local buses also run nearby and take you to the city centre, which is 3,5 km away. In the center, you’ll find the Kalevan Navetta Art and Culture Centre and Varikkogalleria. HOW TO APPLY FOR A RESIDENCY LONGER THAN A MONTH? Cooperative Nostates announces an open call for the residency twice a year. Professional artists from around the world, including Finland, are selected based on their applications to participate in the residency. Residency periods can vary in duration, ranging from one to three months. The artists are chosen based on work plans and accompanying photographs of artwork. The decisions are published, and the selected artists are notified of their acceptance via email. When we have an open call, the link to the application form becomes active on our webpage. Please note that the application form must be completed in English, Swedish, or Finnish. ASK MORE We encourage visual artists to create work plans that foster multidisciplinary collaboration with local actors and/or engage with the local community through art projects, workshops, or exhibitions. The residency staff is happy to help artists connect with potential collaborators in the area. Community spirit, social, cultural, economic and ecological sustainable development and site-specific approaches are integral values of our residency program. If you are interested in applying, please make sure that you have the necessary insurance and travel documents. The residency can provide statements and certificates required for insurance and travel documents if needed. The Cooperative Nostates is an arts and culture cooperative that began operations in January 2025. The members are professionals in the arts, culture and media. The members of the cooperative provide the artist-in-residence with a work community and a network in the area. The cooperative's office is located in TN building in the collective workspace of the residency. © Iida Kasari CONTACT INFORMATION Office and collective work space ​TN-building Piirintie 1 60220 Seinäjoki Finland Contact persons of the residency Niina Keltamäki +358 50 3502102 Minna Bengs +358 40 410 7163 e-mail: osuuskunta(at)nostates.fi CALL US OSUUSKUNTA NOSTATES Piirintie 1, TN-rakennus FI-60220 SEINÄJOKI osuuskunta(at)nostates.fi Puh./Tel. +358 40 410 7163 Y-tunnus: 3497612-4 VAT number: FI34976124 FRONT PAGE RESIDENCY APPLICATION FOR RESIDENCY CONTACT US Share