Beyond Borders: Utopie Migranti Theatre Project Residency for Young Artists of Emilian-Romagnol Origin or Descent Living Abroad (Italy) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Beyond Borders: Utopie Migranti Theatre Project Residency for Young Artists of Emilian-Romagnol Origin or Descent Living Abroad (Italy) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists, Curators, Producers & Managers Performing Arts Destination countries: Italy Read this call in: Italian The theatre project ‘Utopie Migranti’, conceived and directed by Instabili Vaganti, is calling for applications for eight young individuals of Emilian-Romagnol origin or descent living abroad who are between 18 and 35 years old. The call is aimed at actors, dancers, set designers, costume designers, musicians, singers, performers, video makers, cultural organisers and operators, social media managers, and communication officers. The project aims to develop artistic and professional skills in the performing arts, with a focus on themes such as migration, identity, descent, and cultural roots, through an artistic residency of theatrical co-creation. At the same time, the initiative offers participants a chance to rediscover their Emilian-Romagnol heritage by experiencing life in the land of their ancestors. Timeline: 17 – 27 August 2025: co-creation residency 28 – 29 August 2025: Presentation of results 30 August – 7 September 2025: Experience at the PerformAzioni Festival The project will provide the following for the entire duration: Full board (meals) Accommodation Internal transportation within Italy 80% of round-trip airfare from the country of residence to Bologna Deadline: 15 May 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Diversity & Equality Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap