Black and White - Decode Gallery Exhibitions Calls For Entry Minimalism Square Abandoned Info Gallery Events Shop Saturdays 12:00pm-4:00pm ‪(520) 369-2441‬ 0 Exhibitions Calls For Entry Minimalism Square Abandoned Info Gallery Events Shop Black and White Decode Gallery is pleased to announce our upcoming theme: Black and White. Black and white photography is a powerful and timeless medium. It’s how photography began; it’s the deep unending shades of grey. We look forward to seeing through your lens in grayscale. SUBMISSION DEADLINE: MAY 23RD, 2025 EXHIBITION DATES: JULY 5TH – JULY 26TH ACCEPTANCE At least 26 images will be selected by the juror for exhibition at Decode Gallery. The gallery handles all printing for accepted photographers for free, we print professionally on an Epson printer with Ilford Pearl paper. We will only print one exhibition print, after the show the print will be archived in a flat file for 2 years. We feature museum quality 22”x 22” inch white frames. We have many standard precut white mats: (a) 11” x 11” (b) 10” x 15” (c) 11” x 15” (d) 12” x 15″, and more. We will adjust the digitally submitted final hi-res images size (never crop) for best presentation in the mats. If the photographer has selected to list the exhibition print for sale and someone inquires, the photographer will be notified immediately. All rights to the image file and print remain with the photographer. Decode Gallery takes a 50% commission on all sales, 50% goes to the photographer. Photographers will be notified by email of acceptance within two weeks after the submission deadline. High Resolution JPGS will be due two days after the acceptance email. Gallery opening will be on July 12th. Want to be reminded before the submission deadline? Yes, send me a reminder email! PROSPECTUS ELIGIBILTY: The exhibition is open to all photographers world wide, both amateur and professional. ENTRY FEE: $40 for a 5 image entry. $45 for a 10 image entry. REGULATIONS: By entering our calls for entry you are agreeing to be added to Decode Gallery’s email list for forthcoming artist opportunities. By submitting images, you agree that the images are your own work, you own all rights to the images, and you take full responsibility for the content of all images, including the likeness of recognizable individuals. The actual artwork will remain the property of the artist, our mission is to promote artists and their work. Should your work be accepted, you grant Decode Gallery the right to reproduce your image on our website, on social media, publications, and where appropriate to help promote our online exhibitions. Decode Gallery will always credit you and your copyright wherever feasible. We will not use your image for any other purpose without the artist’s permission. Paying the submission fee doesn’t guarantee entry into any of our exhibits. Who's our Juror? Holly Hart is a conceptual fine art photographer. She grew up in Southern Oregon. In 2011 she graduated with a BA in Photography from the Art Institute of Seattle. Her work has been published internationally in magazines as well as exhibited in galleries nationwide. Her love of fine art photography led her to the creation of Decode Gallery, a gallery looking to give photographers the important opportunity to exhibit. Interested in this call for entry? Submit Here! © 2025 Decode Gallery