THE EVOLUTION GRANT prospectus | Artist Funding Opportunity Skip to content Menu Menu Galleries Artists CALLS FOR ART SUPPORT RESOURCES ABOUT CONTACT THE EVOLUTION GRANT prospectus EVOLUTION GRANT recipient 2024, Sara Gallagher Hold Your Grief Gently, panpastel & graphite on paper enter THE EVOLUTION GRANT Art Fluent’s grant cycle is now open to individual artists through an international open call. The Evolution Grant will provide unrestricted funding to an individual artist with recognized artistic excellence in fine art media and a demonstrated commitment to their art. CALENDAR Applications due by Friday, June 6, 2025 at midnight MST. Click here for a quick time zone converter. AWARD $1,000 to one visual artist each grant cycle. Unrestricted funds applied toward any expense to enhance the artist’s ability to create work. APPLICATION FEE $35. The application fee is non-refundable. It helps defray the costs of administering this grant so we can continue to support and fund artist’s creative projects. ELIGIBILITY This call is open to artists worldwide, both amateur and professional. Once an artist is awarded an Evolution Grant, they will not be eligible to apply again. RULES Open to ALL fine art mediums (oil, acrylic, watermedia, pastel, drawing, printmaking, mixed media, photography, sculpture, fiber, wood, ceramics, digital art). AI will not be accepted. There is no restriction on style, genre, or subject matter. Work that is copied or done under the guidance of an instructor is not eligible. SELECTION PROCESS You will be asked to submit a body of work between 5-20 pieces, along with an artist statement and artist bio. Applications are reviewed based on a body of work. This jury type allows artists to submit as many media samples as allowed, and all media are submitted into one application. ​ENTRY PROCEDURE Entry is done through CaFÉ, a web-based service that allows artists to upload images and organize their artwork for submissions to galleries. To apply, you must leave our website and go to the CaFÉ website at www.callforentry.org, where you can create a FREE artist account. You will add your details and upload your images to CaFÉ, and then you can submit work to The Evolution Grant. If you have any questions about entering, please contact us at hello@art-fluent.com we are happy to walk you through the process. MEDIA PREPARATION Please only submit properly cropped images of your work that are in focus. We have a free resource for artists for tips on how to get high quality images of your work. Visit www.art-fluent.com/resources for a free download. CaFÉ also offers tips on their blog which you can find here www.callforentry.org/photographing-artwork/ . ​ All images must be in JPEG/JPG format using CaFÉ guidelines. The image size must be 1,200 pixels or greater on the longest side and 400 pixels on the shortest side. Maximum file size is 5 mb. NOTIFICATION Notification will be done by email, everyone who submits will be notified of their results. If, for any reason, you do not hear from us by Friday, July 11, 2025, please check the filters in your email account. Notification emails are sent to the email on file with CaFÉ. REQUIRED FORMS Cash awards over $600 are subject to federal income tax withholding within the United States. A W-9 form must be filled out by the winner and submitted to Art Fluent, Inc. REGULATIONS By entering our calls for art through CaFÉ you are agreeing to be added to Art Fluent's email list for forthcoming artist opportunities. By submitting images, you agree that the images are your own work, nothing copied, you own all rights to the images, and you take full responsibility for the content of all images, including the likeness of recognizable individuals. The actual artwork will remain the property of the artist, our mission is to promote artists and their work. Should your work be accepted, you grant Art Fluent the right to reproduce your image on our website, on social media, and where appropriate to help promote our online exhibitions. Art Fluent will always credit you and your copyright wherever feasible. We will not use your image for any other purpose without the artist’s permission. enter THE EVOLUTION GRANT Galleries Artists CALLS FOR ART SUPPORT RESOURCES ABOUT CONTACT Impacting the arts and empowering artists through online exhibitions, artist funding, and educational resources. Stay Connected 1 Washington Mall #1218 | Boston, MA 02108 email link hello@art-fluent.com follow along on instagram Subscribe to Stay Fluent Privacy Policy . Website by ELQ . ©2020-2023 Art Fluent, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Art Fluent® is a registered trademark of Art Fluent, Inc. and is registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Search Art Fluent Search More results... Close Search Art Fluent Search More results...