TIDAL ArtS: Lighthouse Calls for Community-focused Artworks on Aquatic Environments | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Project Funding The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. TIDAL ArtS: Lighthouse Calls for Community-focused Artworks on Aquatic Environments Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Europe The Lighthouse Calls are part of the TIDAL ArtS initiative, funded by the EU to support the Mission to Restore Our Ocean and Waters by 2030. Through this open call, 20 artists, collectives, and creatives across Europe will be awarded grants to create community-focused artworks. The selected projects must connect citizens to their aquatic environments and raise awareness of environmental challenges through artistic expression. Five artists will be chosen from each of four designated ‘Lighthouse’ regions—Atlantic-Arctic, Mediterranean, Baltic-North Sea, and Danube-Black Sea. Projects must be completed by June 2026 and involve collaboration with scientists, educators, and communities. Individuals, collectives and creatives from Atlantic-Arctic, Mediterranean, Baltic-North Sea, and Danube-Black Sea countries can apply (see the full list of countries in the application). Each project should result in a publicly displayed creative artistic expression, driven by citizen engagement and scientific knowledge, in a European community selected by the artist. Innovative methods based in art and creativity should be utilised to unlock and strengthen the connection of the public with their aquatic environments. Artistic works and creative practices include the development of artistic outputs within the visual, literary, performing, fine, and digital arts, as well as in music, design and architecture. Projects can include one or more of the following activities: Exhibitions, expositions, installations Workshops Visual, literary, performing, and/or digital arts Architecture and design Artistic debate Public art displays Art/ocean awareness-raising activities Applying artists will be asked to design a project for the value of the 15,000 EUR grant , including submitting a budget. Travel , community engagement, material, and personal costs will be eligible for funding. Deadline: 14 June 2025 More info & apply Art & Sciences Collaboration & Networking Environment & Sustainability Share this call: Share this call: See also: GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap