Fellowship | Promoted: The Zsuzsi Roboz Scholarship at Morley College, London Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Fellowship | Promoted The Zsuzsi Roboz Scholarship at Morley College, London Updated: 19 June 2025 The Zsuzsi Roboz Scholarship is intended for a committed artist who have a developed artistic vision, but who need assistance or support with the next steps of their career. Eligibility: You must be a figurative artist of promise and quality who needs this opportunity to develop. You are working primarily in 2D or 3D media. You must be aged 19 or over in September 2025 You must be willing to commit to part-time. study over a year – three academic terms during which you will undertake a tailored programme of part-time courses each term, followed by a period of preparation with a view to holding an exhibition of your work in September 2026. What you get: The Scholarship offers the recipient one year’s part-time programme of free classes at Morley College, London, personal tutoring and mentoring from a professional artist and teacher, and an opportunity to exhibit work in our Gallery at the end of the year . Deadline 05 July 2025 Organiser: Morley College Locations: United Kingdom Apply Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025