2025-2026 Artist-in-Residence Program | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity 2025-2026 artist-in-residence program Josephine Sculpture Park Deadline: May. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: May. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: 3355 Lawrenceburg Road, Frankfort, United States Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: No Artistic fields: Sculpture Interdisciplinary Installation Visual Arts Sound Art Performance Overview JSP’s Artist-in-Residence program provides artists the career-boosting opportunity to make new work on a large-scale, with the physical space and technical and financial support to succeed. Up to 2 artists will be selected for the 2025-2026 residency program through this competitive national call reviewed by JSP’s Curatorial Committee. Artists will be primarily visual artists working in sculpture as well as the mediums of sound and performance as responsive experiences to sculpture and the natural environment. Residency details will be tailored to each artist’s proposed artwork and are designed around 3 main components: 1) artwork creation, installation and exhibition; 2) informal public interaction with JSP visitors; and 3) participation in at least one community engagement event determined by the artist and JSP staff (i.e. community workshop, artist talk, etc.). In 2025, the selected artist(s) will visit Frankfort and work with JSP staff to collaboratively plan their 2026 residency. This 1- to 3-day site visit will include meeting with staff, discussing their proposed artwork, determining site location, and solidifying community engagement plans. It will be scheduled at a mutually agreed upon date July-October 2025. In 2026, the selected artist(s) will be in residence at JSP for up to 10 weeks, the duration depending on the scale and scope of the proposed artwork. The program is designed to be intentionally flexible to allow artists to submit large-scale proposals that may take the full 10 weeks to create. In the RFP submission materials, artists should suggest an appropriate residency duration (number of weeks) and date range for their proposed artwork. Artists-in-Residence create artwork at JSP, a raw outdoor environment, offering a quiet space for artists to fully immerse themselves in nature, diving deep into their process and research, which is essential for true innovation and excellence. Residencies typically do not overlap, allowing artists to focus on personal and professional growth, creative practice, and risk-taking without distraction. Artists are encouraged to challenge themselves and push beyond their comfort zones, supported by experienced artistic staff and specialized equipment to create large-scale works on-site. Artists receive technical support from staff, hands-on assistance from community volunteers, material support, and access to a robustly equipped studio and outdoor work pad. The artwork is intended to be on exhibition for 2 years at JSP. “This residency [was] an incredible opportunity to challenge myself and expand the work beyond the limits of what I thought was possible, and I felt so incredibly supported and encouraged at every step of this project while working at JSP,” reflected 2021 Artist-in-Residence Clare Koury, “It’s hard to overstate the impact of that kind of support as a young artist, and I feel really grateful for my time here and the trust put in me to execute this vision.” This program provides direct benefits to each artist as well as intrinsic value to the community at-large. A supportive environment inspires artists to create new work and advance their careers by fostering courageous artistic growth and providing opportunities to experiment and try things they’ve never tried before with professional technical and artistic guidance. The exhibition of new artwork provides an immediate audience to the artist and artistic inspiration to the public. JSP believes in the power of artist residencies to positively transform artists’ careers and build community. This program is supported in part by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) Grants for Arts Projects. JSP programs are subject to modifications as a result of funding changes. PROJECT TIMELINE 1- to 3-day pre-residency planning visit to JSP and Frankfort community (ideally between July-October 2025) Up to 10 weeks in residence, depending on the scope and scale of the proposed artwork (ideally between May-Sept 2026) Artwork is intended to be on exhibition for 2 years at JSP. Artist will sign an exhibition contract as part of the Residency Agreement that outlines mutually agreed upon duration, maintenance and decommissioning of the artwork. The Curatorial Committee and JSP staff will review proposals May - June. We expect to make final decisions and notify all applicants by July 1. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post 2025-2026 Artist-in-Residence Program Josephine Sculpture Park 2025-2026 Artist-in-Residence Program Josephine Sculpture Park Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect