Delegation of the European Union to Canada / OCAD University: Site-Specific Work for Nuit Blanche 2025 (Canada) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Delegation of the European Union to Canada / OCAD University: Site-Specific Work for Nuit Blanche 2025 (Canada) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Digital / New Media , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Canada Read this call in: French The Delegation of the European Union to Canada and the Global Centre for Climate Action at OCAD University have partnered to support artists, designers and scholars across Canada and the EU to develop a site-specific projection artwork for the Canada Malting Silos, located on Toronto’s waterfront, to present at Nuit Blanche on 4 October 2025. The Canada Malting Silos are part of a heritage industrial building, which has been recently restored and repurposed for arts, culture and community programming. Nuit Blanche is Toronto’s annual all-night celebration of contemporary art, transforming public spaces into artistic landscapes. In alignment with Nuit Blanche’s curatorial theme Poetic Justice under the main theme, Translating the City, this project is seeking cross-disciplinary proposals to be projection mapping onto the east or west side of the Canada Malting Silos that explores the idea of a renewed treaty with water. Artwork Specifications 7–10-minute pieces on loop, durational works that unfold over 12 hours and/or interactive and responsive works that change throughout the night. Original or repurposed digital, animation, multimedia, experimental film, mixed-media and/or interactive artworks that can be mapped and made site-specific to the east or west side of the Canada Malting Silos. Optional interactive components might include responsive environments, generative or algorithmic works, mobile or web-based interactions and/or data-based interactions. Works suitable for public spaces and audiences of all ages and backgrounds. Sound is optional and better suited to the west side of the Canada Malting Silos. The project provides an artist fee of 10,000 CAD (~6,700 EUR), covering all costs related to the development and delivery of the artwork to our technical team; all production costs (i.e. technical equipment, staff, set-up) are separate and will be covered by OCAD University and the EU Delegation to Canada; travel and accommodation costs will be covered if the artist is required to be in Toronto, Ontario for Nuit Blanche. Deadline: 9 May 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Site-responsive Work Urban Space Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap