Oak Spring Garden Foundation: Eliza Moore Fellowship for Artistic Excellence Residency 2026 (USA) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Oak Spring Garden Foundation: Eliza Moore Fellowship for Artistic Excellence Residency 2026 (USA) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Literature , Music & Sound , Performing Arts , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: United States of America The Eliza Moore Fellowship for Artistic Excellence is awarded to one outstanding, early-career artist who is developing new works that address plants, gardens, or landscapes in the broad sense. This award is open to visual artists, literary artists, dancers, and musicians. The award requires a 2–5 week stay at Oak Spring Garden Foundation (OSGF), Virginia USA, in 2026. While at OSGF, the Fellow will be able to meet with staff, explore the 700-acre landscape and efforts in sustainable land management, and visit the rare book library that holds over 19,000 objects, including many examples of botanical art. The Fellow will be scheduled to visit when there are other Interdisciplinary Residents or Fellows on-site. This scheduling will allow the Fellow to join in communal meals, and optional activities and field trips with other artists, ecologists, researchers, or scholars working on projects related to OSGF’s mission. At the culmination of their stay, Fellows can (if they want to) give a 20–30 minute presentation with time for questions, to Oak Spring staff and any other Fellows, Residents, or programme participants. Eligible applicants must be early-career artists not enrolled in an undergraduate degree program in 2026. OSGF will consider individuals with a proven track-record of professionalism, but who are yet under-recognised, as early-career. Eligible early-career applicants will have some recognition in the form of exhibitions, commissions, performances, grant awards, residencies, Fellowships and/or publications. The 10,000 USD individual grant associated with this award can be put towards travel to and from OSGF, materials and supplies purchased for their residency, and other items that will support their work, before or after their stay at OSGF. Accommodation at OSGF is provided. Deadline: 31 May 2025 More info & apply Environment & Sustainability Share this call: Share this call: See also: Music Mobility Funding Guide - Focus on Europe GALA Guide to Green Funding Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap