On-line Application - GlogauAIR Art Residency Berlin Skip to content Menu HOME RESIDENCY Open Studios Berlin Guest Showcase Interviews PROJECT SPACE Events Rent APPLY Programs Project Space Work with us Berlin Guest CURRENT ARTISTS Former Artists ABOUT US GlogauAIR Chema Alvargonzalez Our team Partners Press Newsletter WORK SPACE Menu HOME RESIDENCY Open Studios Berlin Guest Showcase Interviews PROJECT SPACE Events Rent APPLY Programs Project Space Work with us Berlin Guest CURRENT ARTISTS Former Artists ABOUT US GlogauAIR Chema Alvargonzalez Our team Partners Press Newsletter WORK SPACE GlogauAIR is currently accepting international applications for our on-line program. " * " indicates required fields I confirm that * I have read and understood that the programme fee is 900 EU for 3 months, with an initial deposit of 300 EU due with the signature of the contract. Booklet to be found under "more information" in the previous page* Personal data Artist Name for Representation at GlogauAIR * Legal Name * First Last Chosen Pronouns * Please let us know what pronouns we should use to properly address you. Nationality * Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sudan, South Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Double nationality? Click here if you would like to add a second nationality Second Nationality * Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sudan, South Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Date of birth * DD slash MM slash YYYY Current address Address * Please indicate your official residence address Street Address Address Line 2 City ZIP / Postal Code Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, the United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye US Minor Outlying Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands Time zone from where you will be doing the program * GMT GMT+1:00 GMT+2:00 GMT+3:00 GMT+4:00 GMT+5:00 GMT+6:00 GMT+7:00 GMT+8:00 GMT+9:00 GMT+10:00 GMT+11:00 GMT+12:00 GMT-11:00 GMT-10:00 GMT-9:00 GMT-8:00 GMT-7:00 GMT-6:00 GMT-5:00 GMT-4:00 GMT-3:00 GMT-2:00 GMT-1:00 Relative to GMT. Please note that meetings will take place between Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday from 2:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m Berlin time (if there is a time incompatibility or time difference, we can change to another schedule previously agreed) with the exception of other activities with external collaborators that vary in dates and times depending on their availability (external curator). Do you have any pre-existing scheduling conflicts that we should be aware of? * Could you please provide us with a general overview of your weekly availability, including any times you may not be available due to work, other studies or courses, responsibilities, and other commitments? This will help us to better schedule and plan any activities or meetings that may be necessary during your participation in the program. Phone * IMPORTANT: Including country and area code Contact Email * Website Please indicate your website Instagram Please indicate your Instagram handle if you wish On-line program desired period * 3 months (July - September 2025) Select All Referral * Web search Word of mouth ResArtis Facebook Instagram Arteinformado ArtConnect Other online residency platforms Other Where did you find out about the program at GlogauAIR? About you and your work Artist statement * (Max. 600 characters) Please note that the Statement is an essential part of your application at GlogauAIR. Please write a brief statement about you and your practice. This text should explain, justify, extend, and/or contextualize your body of work so we can better understand you as an artist. Proficiency of English language * Please indicate your level of proficiency in the English language. Elementary proficiency Limited working proficiency Profesional working proficiency Full professional proficiency Native or bilingual profficiency Fields of artistic practice (Select at least one) * Painting Drawing Collage Sculpture Object Installation Photo Video Sound Performance New Media Other Work sample images * Drop files here or Select files Accepted file types: jpg, gif, png, Max. file size: 96 MB, Max. files: 3. Upload 1-3 images of your work. Accepted formats are jpg, gif and png

**please note, even if it appears 'undefined' after you upload, the upload has been successful** Video & sound samples For video and sound samples please provide a link to access them Proposed project Project description * (Max. 600 characters) Please note that the Project Description is an essential part of your application at GlogauAIR. The description provides us with an understanding of your project, your artistic vision and your goals. File upload (Max. size 5 MB) Accepted file types: doc, docx, pdf, Max. file size: 5 MB. You can upload a file (word doc or pdf) with a portfolio of your proposal to support your application. Share with us what do you expect from the on-line program. Which are your goals? * (Max. 600 characters) This information will help us understand your motivations for applying and ensure that the GlogauAIR's on-line program align with your expectations and aspirations. Please describe your present funding situation and outline your plans to secure funding in advance of the residency. Please note that all funding decisions must be confirmed at least 6 months in advance of your residency. Your Funding source * Please indicate how you plan to fund your residence Self-financed Secured scholarship paid by a third party Plan to apply to some scholarship programs Estimated budget * Please indicate how much money (in €) you have already set aside for your residency Self-funded Confirmation Please check the box below to confirm that you will self-finance your residency and that you will have sufficient funds available to cover the program and living costs during your residency period. I don't plan to apply to any grants or scholarships Confirmed Funding institution * Please indicate the institution funding your scholarship/grant to support you during the residency. Specific name of fund/grant obtained * Please indicate the institution funding your scholarship/grant to support you during the residency. Website * Funded amount * What is the full funding amount (in €) of your grant/scholarship Announcement Date * DD slash MM slash YYYY When did you find out the results of your application for funding? Funding institution 1 * Please indicate the name of the funding institution(s) you are planning to apply to Website * Funding amount * What is the full funding amount (in €) of the grant/scholarship Application Deadline * DD slash MM slash YYYY When is the deadline to apply for this funding source? Announcement Date * DD slash MM slash YYYY When will you find out the results of your application for funding? Funding institution 2 Please indicate the name of the funding institution(s) you are planning to apply to Website Funded amount What is the full funding amount (in €) of the grant/scholarship Application Deadline DD slash MM slash YYYY When is the deadline to apply for this funding source? Announcement Date DD slash MM slash YYYY When will you find out the results of your application for funding? Funding institution 3 Please indicate the name of the funding institution(s) you are planning to apply to Website Funded amount What is the full funding amount (in €) of the grant/scholarship Application Deadline DD slash MM slash YYYY When is the deadline to apply for this funding source? Announcement Date DD slash MM slash YYYY When will you find out the results of your application for funding? Save and Continue Later GlogauAIR Founded in 2006 by the artist Chema Alvargonzalez and supported today by La Memoria Artística Chema Alvargonzalez , GlogauAIR is a non-profit art space and residency in a historic building in Kreuzberg open to new ideas. Follow us Site Notice Privacy Notice Newsletter Contact us GlogauAIR gGmbH Glogauer Str. 16 Berlin 10999 +49 (30) 612 22 75 info@glogauair.net We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings . Accept Reject Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies Enabled Disabled If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings