Daugavpils Mark Rothko Art Centre: International Painting Plein Air ‘Valdis Bušs 2025’ (Latvia) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Daugavpils Mark Rothko Art Centre: International Painting Plein Air ‘Valdis Bušs 2025’ (Latvia) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Latvia Balvi Municipality, cooperating with the Rothko Museum, invites artists to apply to the ‘Valdis Bušs 2025’ International Painting Plein Air – a creative forum organised in the museum’s residency framework – from 21 to 31 July 2025. The Plein Air takes place in Viļaka, a town in eastern Latvia, to commemorate Valdis Bušs, a renowned Latvian landscapist who was born near Viļaka, as well as to put the town on the global map as a sterling venue for international artist residencies focused on quality, professionalism and sustainable growth. The plein air experience enables artists to draw inspiration from Viļaka and its rich natural and cultural heritage, meet the local community and explore the oeuvre of Valdis Bušs. At the end of each plein air, the artists and leave their new paintings in the plein-air collection, a work in progress for the emergent Valdis Bušs Art Centre. Until such centre is established, the collection remains in the care of the Viļaka Museum. Support Travel costs from Rīga to to Viļaka and back Catering and accommodation in Viļaka Workspace Basic materials and tools Publicity Recreation (guided tours in and around Viļaka and Balvi, site visits to art and culture institutions in Daugavpils, including a visit to the Rothko Museum); Symposium exhibition (opening on 30 July 2025) Deadline: 30 April 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Latvia Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap