Associazione Archeofuturo: In-Ruins Contemporary Art and Archaeology Residency 2025 (Italy) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies Associazione Archeofuturo: In-Ruins Contemporary Art and Archaeology Residency 2025 (Italy) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary , Cultural Heritage Destination countries: Italy Associazione Archeofuturo is calling for applications from artists, curators and researchers for the In-Ruins Contemporary Art and Archaeology Residency in Puglia, Italy, from 8 September to 12 October 2025. This year, In-ruins finds its way in Puglia for the first time. After the editions in Calabria and Basilicata, the project does not revolve around a defined archaeological site, but instead unfolds across an entire city: Canosa di Puglia. Here, archaeology permeates the urban fabric – it is fragmented, often subterranean. A submerged geography that transforms the city into a constellation of buried places, undermining the very notion of a ‘site’. In-ruins residency 2025 is organised in collaboration with Fondazione Elpis; and with the academic synergy with University College London (UCL), AHA Network, and Arts Council England, coordinated by Nastassja Simensky. The organisers provide a production budget (1,00 EUR per resident), breakfast and dinners and discounted lunches, accommodation, studio spaces, access to heritage sites and a participation fee of 500 EUR (as compensation, reimbursement of travel expenses, and any shipping costs related to the work produced). In return, the artist agrees to donate to Associazione Archeofuturo a proof, draft, or small-format work created during the residency. These donations will form the basis of the In-ruins collection—a new tool for enhancing the visibility of our activities and participants, which will lead, in time, to a traveling exhibition. Deadline: 2 July 2025 More info & apply Site-responsive Work Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap