FESTIVAL COURT METRANGE Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (1) Submit Festival Court Métrange (21) FESTIVAL COURT METRANGE Deadlines 06 Jan 2025 Call for entries 15 Aug 2025 Final deadline 1 mth 10 Oct 2025 Notification date 01 Oct 2025 05 Oct 2025 Address 22 rue Saint Hélier, 35000, RENNES, BRETAGNE / FRANCE, France Festival description Short film festival 40'< qualifying festival Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Online and Physical Location January 2023 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films  40'< Any language Subtitles English 
														                			French Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet French English Festival description (Edition: 21) Festival start: 01 October 2025     
							Festival end: 05 October 2025 In 2003, the non-profit created the International Strange and Unusual Fantasy Short Film Festival, Court Métrange. The event offers a creative harbor for authors wherein to expose and endorse their ideas. With an irrefutable penchant for a different form of filmmaking, these motion picture partisans fascinate countless audiences, the latter of whom paradoxically struggle to reap the same attention. The purpose of the Court Métrange Festival is, ultimately, threefold, boasting: a place to screen, a place to scream, letting its "cult" shorts thrive, and a place whose limitless resources endeavor to not only emphasize the credentials of those having fought to make Fantasy film what it is today, but also attribute to them what is rightfully theirs. Court Métrange has become crucial not only in putting back on the radar screen the artistic and cultural value in a certain category of works, but also in breaking down barriers between film genres. Sole member specializing in short films of the renowned European Fantastic Film Festival and CNC Category 1 Festival, Court Métrange is, in a way, a rite of passage for some authors in the quest for validation of their work with their sights set on becoming the directors of tomorrow. As a result, it is unrivaled, and plays an influential role on the short film scene in Europe. Artistically agile, film communicates in a number of languages. The Fantastic is one of them. Court Métrange has chosen to hand over the mic and screen to those who share the same speak. For Fantasy filmmakers, this moment with their audiences is invaluable. Theaters teeming with fans and backing from a significant part of the profession have, in turn, legitimized the festival in its entirety. The enthusiasm and support from the teaching community and the active involvement of its student population in the educational and cultural initiatives organized by the festival come full circle with the idea that Fantastic films are a formidable breeding ground for culture and reflection. Alongside its screenings, the Festival also strives to open up channels for exchange between film and other creative disciplines in order to broaden and boost the manner in which the "Fantastic image" materializes. Every year, conferences, exhibits, music, encounters, and debates round out the Court Métrange agenda. Prizes and qualifications COURT MÉTRANGE GRAND PRIX AWARD Attributed to Best Director in international competition, award compensation takes the form of audiovisual benefits. The Arwestud company is offering half off on filmmaking equipment, lighting and camera and lens rental for the director’s next film, and half off in the post- production phase on editing, color grading and DCP releases. The Nomade Production company is offering half off in the post-production phase on sound editing and mixing. A Court Métrange trophy designed by artist Patrice "Pit" Hubert will also be presented at this time. SHADOWZ AWARD This award is attributed to one of the short films in international competition. The winning film will be shown on the Shadowz platform, France’s top name in streamed screams. MÉLIÈS D’ARGENT AWARD Court Métrange is a member of the prestigious European Fantastic Film Festivals Federation (EFFFF). The Méliès d’Argent is attributed to Best Short Film in European competition with a maximum length of 25 minutes. As such, the winning film is also in competition for the Méliès d’Or whose ceremony will take place at one of the Federation’s member festivals. A Court Métrange trophy designed by artist Patrice "Pit" Hubert will also be presented at this time. FRANCE TÉLÉVISIONS AWARD This award is attributed to one of the short films in international competition. The winning film will be shown exclusively on France 2 as part of the "Histoires Courtes" program. PEOPLE’S CHOICE AWARD Based on audience voting, this award is attributed to Best Film from the Horny, Porny, Miney, Moe screening on Saturday night at 9:30 pm. A Court Métrange trophy designed by artist Patrice "Pit" Hubert will also be presented at this time. Young audiences (elementary, junior high and high schools) are also invited to designate their winning film during the Young Audiences screenings. COURT MÉTRANGE ONLINE AWARDS In order to propel the films in competition beyond Rennes city limits and onto a more international scene, the Court Métrange Online audience will be voting for its favorite films. Court Métrange is ranked as a Category 1 festival at the French National Center for Cinematography and Motion Pictures. Rules - RULES AND REGULATIONS - 21th Edition, September 25 to October 5, 2025 1. Festival scope The Court Métrange Festival is aimed at promoting and popularizing the creation of fictional and freak ‘n fantastic short films. 2. Festival contact details and mailing address Festival Court Métrange - Association Unis Vers 7 Arrivé, 22 rue Saint Hélier - 35000 Rennes, France www.courtmetrange.eu / contact@courtmetrange.eu 3. Eligibility The Festival is open to directors and producers in France and worldwide. Only films produced after January 1, 2024 will be considered. The competition is open to short films with a maximum running time of 40 minutes. 4. Registration Registration must be completed before May 18, 2025 on the following short film festival registration platforms: https://www.festhome.com With the exception of films already in english, all films in competition will require subtitles in english, and where possible, in French. 5. Selection Directors whose films have been selected to take part in the official competition will be notified between May and June 2025. The official selection will be viewable on the Festival website at www.courtmetrange.eu starting in September 2025. The films competing in the Festival will be screened in Rennes at the Pathé, Arvor and TNB Theaters. Particularly true for the Young Audiences competition, the films may be screened several times and in partner venues throughout the Festival. Once the selection official, the directors or producers of the films in competition will be expected to upload the following information online: ∙ a short synopsis in French and in english; ∙ a few production stills for the Festival booklet and press coverage needs (300-DPI JPEG); ∙ a film poster for the Festival booklet and press coverage needs (300-DPI JPEG); and ∙ the film ideally in DCP format, and if not possible, in ProRes, and H.264 video coding with minimum output of 20 Mbit/s. Only CLEAN copies will be accepted, and subtitling documents are to be provided separately. ∙ the film’s subtitling documents in .srt or .txt format only, in english and in French where possible, with the corresponding timecodes in line with the copy provided; ∙ the biography and filmography of the director(s); and ∙ the film’s technical rider with specification breakdown (software, special effects, AI, etc.). 6. Screening copies Submitted using one of the accepted formats (2K DCP, 4K DCP, non-encrypted, Apple ProRes 422 HQ or LT / 1080p23.976, 1080p24, 1080p25, and 1080i50 or QuickTime H.264 1080p, minimum output speed of 20 Mbit/s, though 30 Mbit/s recommended, 1080p23.976, 1080p24, 1080p25, and 1080i50), screening copies are to be received by the Festival no later than July 13, 2025. Film shipping costs will be at the expense of the director or producer. Only copies in perfect condition will be accepted. Any special instructions relating to the film’s screening must be mentioned at the time of registration and included with the copy of the film sent to the Festival. Festival Court Métrange / Association Unis Vers 7 Arrivé 22 rue Saint Hélier - 35000 Rennes 7. Subtitling and Audio description The films screened will feature subtitles in english and in French, and/or subtitles for the deaf and hearing-impaired, and, in some cases, an audio description. The Festival will cover the related costs. The subtitles and audio descriptions shall remain the property of the Unis Vers 7 Arrivé association. Purchasing the rights to them is possible, and will be billed accordingly to the requesting producer or director. Please send us your english and/or French subtitles in .srt or .txt (no .stl or XML) format. Failing this, we ask that you kindly provide the full dialogue list along with timecodes in Word (.doc) format for the subtitling team. 8. Director attendance Only homestay accommodation expenses for the directors in competition will be covered by the Festival. 9. awards The Court Métrange Festival Board will designate an official jury in charge of presenting the various awards, including the Méliès d’argent, in partnership with the European Federation of Fantastic Film Festivals (Méliès rules and regulations: https://www.melies.org). 10. Usage rights Participants give the Festival, without return compensation, the right to reproduce photos or excerpts up to three minutes long from their film for publications on social media, its website, in the press, on television, and via its partner network. Participants guarantee the Festival Board that they possess all usage rights necessary (authorship, images, and intellectual property), and grant those individuals authorized the right to use, in full or in part, these films. With the participants’ consent, certain films may be shown again in theaters and other venues under the Festival’s supervision. These additional screenings will take place following the official competition to further development and visibility. In 2025, the Court Métrange Festival will be screening its official competition in Rennes theaters and also online via its partner platform for streamed screams, SHADOWZ. This Service is only accessible in France (including Overseas Departments and Territories) for platform subscribers. online diffusion will be available from October 1-13, 2025, and will enable films to compete for the Shadowz People’s Choice Award. Participation in the Festival entails unreserved acceptance of the rules and regulations established herein. In fine: Any dispute involving the application or interpretation of these rules and regulations will be the sole jurisdiction of the Court of First Instance in Rennes. ONLY FOR "THE REVIEW" COMPETITION FOR YOUNG DIRECTORS (16/25 YO) Short Films																																		 20'< Standard Fee 4€ -8% 3.68€ Submissions deadline 15 Aug 25 Save up 0.32€ Submit The Review competition is a short film contest for participants aged 16 to 25, organized as part of the 21st edition of the Court Métrange Festival in Rennes. Its aim is to highlight the emergence of a new generation of filmmakers. Age: 16–25 years Maximum film length: 10 minutes (including credits) Genre: Fantastic, unusual, and strange Eligibility: The competition accepts films that have been produced, received financial, technical, or human support, or have been accompanied by a production company, association, collective, professional training organization, or educational institution. Films must be made during the 09/2024 > 08/2025. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy