ZKM / Heidelberg UNESCO City of Literature: 2025 Residency on the Resonance of Videopoetry (Germany) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. ZKM / Heidelberg UNESCO City of Literature: 2025 Residency on the Resonance of Videopoetry (Germany) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Digital / New Media , Literature Destination countries: Germany The Hertzlab at ZKM (Center for Art and Media) in Karlsruhe (UNESCO City of Media Arts) in collaboration with Heidelberg UNESCO City of Literature Office cordially invites poets from UNESCO Cities of Literature worldwide to apply for its new residency programme from 1 September to 30 November 2025. The residency is intended to foster the intermedial, i.e. literary engagement with ZKM’s distinguished collection of videopoetry and to inspire and/or enable professional artists to experience the rich potential of artistic expression in different media. Poets (or those working professionally and poetically with language) with a clear connection (centre of life and/or work) to one of the 53 UNESCO Cities of Literature worldwide are eligible to apply. The resident is expected to: Participate in a meet and greet event with key members of the literary community in Heidelberg. Host a literary event/public reading in Heidelberg (travel costs will be reimbursed). Host a public event at ZKM, which may be conducted as a hybrid format session. Optionally lead a workshop at ZKM, subject to prior agreement. Support Accommodation provided in ZKM’s artist apartment A monthly stipend of 1,000 EUR to cover living expenses Financial assistance for travel expenses up to 2,000 EUR Access to a personal office and a workstation Expert guidance for exploring and researching ZKM’s videopoetry collection Full utilisation of the Hertzlab’s advanced technical equipment for the production of innovative media art (for capacity reasons, the consulting options for using the technical equipment are limited, i.e. certain prior knowledge is desirable). Deadline: 18 May 2025 More info & apply Technology & New Media Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap