UNESCO: International Fund for Cultural Diversity 2025 | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Project Funding The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. UNESCO: International Fund for Cultural Diversity 2025 Call details Call details Online / remote Open for: Organisations & Collectives Producers & Managers Cross-disciplinary Read this call in: French , Spanish Established under the 2005 Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Diversity of Cultural Expressions, the International Fund for Cultural Diversity (IFCD) is a voluntary multi-donor fund which supports the emergence of dynamic cultural sectors in developing countries. UNESCO is launching the 16th call for applications to IFCD. Through an open and competitive process, projects will be selected based on their ability to generate concrete and lasting results towards the development of the creative sectors in developing countries that are Parties to the 2005 Convention. As a multi-donor fund, the IFCD promotes South-South and North-South cooperation, while contributing to the achievement of the UN Sustainable Development Goals, including gender equality and poverty reduction. Project proposals should contribute to: the implementation and/or elaboration of policies and measures that have a direct, structural impact on the creation, production, distribution and access to a diversity of cultural goods and services; and the strengthening of capacities in public institutions and civil society organisations to support viable local and regional cultural industries and markets. Projects may have a transversal (cultural policies or strategies, copyright, etc.) or sectoral focus. There are seven eligible sectors: Audio-visual/cinema, Design, Media arts, Music, Performing arts, Publishing, and Visual arts. Public institutions and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) from eligible countries are invited to submit their proposals, as well as international NGOs registered in countries that are Parties to the 2005 Convention. The maximum funding amount is 100,000 USD, and project implementation should be between 12 and 24 months. Deadline: 21 May 2025 More info & apply Diversity & Equality Laws & Regulations Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap