Artist Open Call Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Tickets WCPF24 Programme Galleries & Artists The Online | Edition FSC Lounge WCPF24 Talks The Summer | Edition Buy Artworks Silkscreen | Stars of the Screen Intaglio | A Lasting Impression Monoprints | One Of A Kind Woolwich Contemporary Editions Membership About Fair Details Getting Here Our Team Partners Press Blog Login Account 0 0 Tickets WCPF24 Programme Galleries & Artists The Online | Edition FSC Lounge WCPF24 Talks The Summer | Edition Buy Artworks Silkscreen | Stars of the Screen Intaglio | A Lasting Impression Monoprints | One Of A Kind Woolwich Contemporary Editions Membership About Fair Details Getting Here Our Team Partners Press Blog Login Account 0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Tickets Folder: WCPF24 Back Programme Galleries & Artists The Online | Edition FSC Lounge WCPF24 Talks The Summer | Edition Folder: Buy Artworks Back Silkscreen | Stars of the Screen Intaglio | A Lasting Impression Monoprints | One Of A Kind Woolwich Contemporary Editions Membership Folder: About Back Fair Details Getting Here Our Team Partners Press Blog Login Account INTERNATIONAL OPEN CALL FOR ARTISTS Apply Here deadline extended | 08 June 23.59 BST Apply to EXHIBIT AT the lEADING INTERNATIONAL ART FAIR FOR contemporary print Why should I apply? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair’s unique hybrid model of representing artists directly within a curated exhibition next to individual gallery booths creates opportunities for emerging artists to sit alongside some of the most prominent international printmakers and specialist dealers, while formulating new approaches to contemporary printmaking. If successful, applicants will have the opportunity to: Gain exposure to a new audiences and clientele Be scouted for representation by leading galleries and print specialists Have work acquired for significant public, private and international collections Sell work to international audiences via The Online | Edition Be part of our program of year-long exhibition opportunities Receive prestigious prizes and awards Participate in WCPF monthly print drops throughout 2026 Take part in live artist talks and demonstrations In addition to this, all applicants (regardless of whether they are selected for the Fair) will receive: A free ticket to WCPF25 Complimentary access to our Art & Business programme, curated with leading industry experts to assist independent artists navigate and stand out in the market Who can apply? If you work with an original printmaking medium and want to exhibit at the leading celebration for contemporary print, then you’re eligible to apply. We encourage international artists (beyond the UK) to apply too. If you can’t make it to the Fair, there is plenty on The Online Edition and our online programme for you to enjoy. What artwork can I submit? From vibrant block screen-prints to intricate lithographs and everything in between, if it’s an original print , we want to see it! We accept artworks created at any time by a living artist, not just recent work ​We accept work-in-progress We accepts all forms of original print* There are no size restrictions on works. Although works to be exhibited must be framed, unless specifically intended otherwise * WCPF recognises the term ‘original print’ to be a work of art that was conceived as a print in its first instance, as opposed to a reproduction of another original work Do you offer student discount? Yes! For students, we offer a £5 discount to your Open Call application. This will be taken off your overall application fee at checkout when you supply valid ID. We also offer Student Artist Membership for £35 which includes a free application. We encourage all students to apply. Application Process The application process is a straightforward and easy, 2-stage process taking just 10 minutes. Within the application you must provide: Stage 1 | Applicant Details Artistic statement, written in the third person (max 200 words). See example statement here Contact details A portrait photograph of yourself (required for marketing and profile purposes if the application is successful). Please note, Panelists will not have access to your profile picture and it will have no effect in the outcome of your application. Number of works being submitted Payment method (valid Debit/Credit card; Paypal). To receive your FREE APPLICATION as an Artist Member, please use the email you signed up with and it will automatically apply the discount. Stage 2 | Artwork Details Digital images of your artwork (no larger than 3MB) Dimensions in cm (framed & unframed) Prices (framed & unframed) Edition Size After the 01 June Deadline , our selection panel of industry experts will get to work. Successful works will be announced on 8 July. Successful artists will then be required to deliver their artwork off at their designated local drop-off point between 27 October - 09 November, to be taken to exhibit at WCPF25! See full terms & conditions here Key Dates Successful applicants will be required to adhere to the following outlined dates: Application Deadline | 01 June Shortlisted Artists Announced | 24 June Selected Artists Announced | 08 July Directors Cut | 21 July - 31 August Work Drop Off | 27 October - 09 November (at local designated drop off point) Private View | 12 November WCPF25 | 13 - 16 November The Online Edition | 12 - 28 November Collection of Unsold Work | TBC (from local designation drop off point) Submission Costs We remain committed to giving artists as many opportunities as possible. Unfortunately we are unable to drop our application fee at this time given the enormous amount of administrative, marketing and technical costs involved in producing an event of this scale, and curating each and every artwork within the Fair. However, we maintain a flexible & cost-effective application fee working on a sliding scale depending on entries submitted, which makes us the lowest ‘cost-per-work’ open call in the UK for those having to take fees. Application Fee | £35.00 for first submission, £5.00 per application thereafter. Organiser's Commission | 40% +VAT on every sale (excluded framing - we do not take % on framing). The entry fee is non-refundable , you can submit up to 6 works. You must pay your fee & submit your full application, by 23:59 (GMT) on 01 June 2025. Please email info@woolwichprintfair.com if you feel you would qualify for hardship help towards this application fee. These are limited, so please carefully consider if this could be helping someone in greater need before getting in touch. Successful artists will be required to pay for framing and delivery of artwork. We have established partnerships available to make these as cost-effective as possible. Artist Members receive a free application of up to 6 works with their yearly membership. Membership is £50 annually/student membership £35. Discover more here . Why do we charge a submission fee? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair is dedicated to providing a platform for independent artists to exhibit their artwork on an international scale. All applicants (regardless of whether they are selected for the Fair) receive a free ticket to WCPF25, free access to our online Art & Business workshops, and further sales opportunities throughout the year. We hope these offers offset the application fee. Whilst the open call application fee is as low and flexible as possible, in conjunction with our other offers and opportunities for applicants, we understand that for some artists it is unaffordable. As we are dedicated to supporting all artists, we offer an additional open call hardship fund and student discounts. Without charging a small application fee, we would not be able to dedicate any space for independent artists and we would therefore be forced to revert to a gallery-only fair. WCPF provides a critical platform to help artists further their career through our direct support, opportunities and prizes. We are a small organisation and do not receive any public or charitable funding. Although this is something we hope to look to in the future. Our Artist Membership includes a free application alongside other yearly benefits. Discover more here . Artist | Membership RECEIVE A FREE APPLICATION AS PART OF OUR ARTIST MEMBERSHIP NETWORK Artist Prizes MEET THE PANEL DIRECTORS’ TOP TIPS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS WHY APPLY TO THE OPEN CALL Why is Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair unique? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair’s unique hybrid model of representing artists directly within a curated exhibition next to individual gallery booths, creates opportunities for emerging artists to sit alongside some of the most prominent international printmakers and specialist dealers, while formulating new approaches to contemporary printmaking. The annual Curated Hang is comprised of artwork by successful applications from the international artist open call. It brings high quality new and unexpected work into the Fair, while platforming independent, up-and-coming, global artists. By bringing together both independent artists and gallery-led booths, WCPF offers an entirely unique and exciting art fair experience. What is 'The Director's Cut'? The democratic nature of the selection process means that successful works exhibited at our physical Fair are those pieces that receive a majority vote from the entire panel. The Director's Cut recognises some of the shortlisted artists that haven't made it through to the final stage, but who the WCPF Directors feel deserve recognition and credit as exceptional works of art. THE APPLICATION PROCESS Who can apply to the open call? If you are a living artist working with an original printmaking medium and want to exhibit at the largest international celebration of contemporary print, then you’re eligible to apply! HOW DO I APPLY? The online application process is straightforward and easy, taking just 10 minutes. Simply apply on the portal via our website from 01 April 2025. Can I apply if I live outside of the UK? Yes, we encourage all artists based anywhere in the world to apply. If you can’t make it in person to the Fair, there is plenty on The Online Edition and our online programme for you to enjoy. When do submissions open? Submissions open from 01 April 2025 via our website. When is the open call deadline? You must submit your full application by 23:59 (GMT) on 01 June 2025. WHAT INFORMATION DO I NEED FOR THE APPLICATION FORM? Within the application you must provide: Stage 1 | Applicant Details Artistic statement, written in the third person (max 200 words). See example statement here Contact details A portrait photograph of yourself (required for marketing and profile purposes if the application is successful). Please note, Panelists will not have access to your profile picture and it will have no effect in the outcome of your application. Number of works being submitted Payment method (valid Debit/Credit card; Paypal). To receive your FREE APPLICATION as an Artist Member, please use the email you signed up with and it will automatically apply the discount. Stage 2 | Artwork Details Digital images of your artwork (no larger than 3MB) Dimensions in cm (framed & unframed) Prices (framed & unframed) Edition Size How many artworks can I submit? You can submit up to 6 artworks. How should I photograph my artwork? For your application, take good quality, high resolution photographs of your artwork. We want to see your artwork as clearly as possible. Keep the background simple, the image in focus, and the lighting natural (and no hands holding up the artwork please!). If accepted these images will be shared with press and on our own marketing channels. We also accept scanned artworks. Is there a submission cost? Application Fee | £35.00 for first artwork submission, £5.00 per artwork application thereafter. All applicants (regardless of whether they are selected for the Fair) receive a free ticket to WCPF25, free access to our online Art & Business workshops, and further sales opportunities throughout the year. We hope these offers offset the application fee. Why do we charge a submission fee? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair is dedicated to providing a platform for independent artists to exhibit their artwork on an international scale. While we try to keep the cost as low as possible, the small application fee covers accumulating administrative and staff costs involved in organising, marketing and creating the international artist open call. Without charging a small application fee, we would not be able to dedicate any space for independent artists as part of our unique 50/50 artist-gallery model. By representing independent artists directly within a curated Fair, this gives emerging creatives a spotlight to be discovered, exhibited alongside some of the most prominent international artists & specialist dealers today. WCPF provides a critical platform to help artists further their career through our direct support, opportunities and prizes. What if I can't afford the fee? Whilst the open call application fee is as low and flexible as possible, in conjunction with our other offers and opportunities for applicants, we understand that for some artists it is unaffordable. As we are dedicated to supporting all artists, we offer an additional Open Call Hardship Fund and student discounts. What is the judging process for the Open Call? A panel of 12 industry experts consider each work on a piece-by-piece basis. The entire process is completely democratic and each artwork is voted for anonymously. Following a shortlisting process, successful exhibiting works of art are assigned on a majority score basis. We will notify artists via email the outcome of their application. What if I was previously unsuccessful? Our artist Open Call is selected through an annually-changing panel of industry experts. This keeps the process completely democratic to include different tastes and expertise, and to create a fresh hang every year. Each application is reviewed anonymously on a piece-by-piece basis, selecting the highest calibre of work. Please don’t be put off if you are unsuccessful one year. What is the minimum age to apply? We ask that applications are only submitted by artists aged 16 years and over. Can print studios submit on behalf of artists? Yes, print studios can simply apply via our website using the same online form.  Applications must be per artist. If the print studios would like to be the main point of contact, please submit the studios contact details on the form. Can I enter on behalf of a deceased artist? No, Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair open call applications can only be made by living artists. ARTWORKS WHAT IS ORIGINAL PRINT? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair recognises the term ‘original print’ to be a work of art that was conceived as a print in its first instance, as opposed to a reproduction of another original work. Do submitted artworks need to be on paper and framed? Works are not required to be on paper. A submission could also combine printmaking techniques with other forms of art practice (such as sculpture, installation, performance etc.). If the work is 2D, we do require them framed with a standard hanging method to help our technicians during install. However, if the work has been conceived to be shown in an alternative manner we will require the artist to provide the required display method if accepted. Do you accept installations or unconventional formats? Yes! Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair is a platform for pushing the boundaries of print and accepts and encourages applications that are pioneering new technical approaches, that are large-scale contemporary art interventions, or presented in unconventional formats. Are monotypes and monoprints accepted? Yes, they are! Do you accept variable editions? Yes, we accept variable editions. Do you accept mixed media works (e.g. painting and printmaking)? Yes. Any artwork that involves a printmaking process or technique combined with another medium is accepted. Is digital art accepted? We accept digital print applications if the work has been conceived as - and will remain - an original limited edition print. We do not accept reproductions of other artworks e.g. a giclée print of a painting. We describe the term ‘original print’ as being an original work of art conceived of as a print in the first instance. Is photography accepted? Yes, it is. Are giclée prints accepted? We accept giclée print applications if the work has been conceived as - and will remain - an original limited edition print. We do not accept reproductions of other artworks. WHAT IS YOUR COMMISSION FEE? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair has a 40% +VAT commission fee on every sale (excluding framing - we do not take % on framing costs). If selected, do I have to pay for transporting my artwork to the Fair? If you're based in the UK, we are providing free transportation to and from the Fair via our regional drop-off points. Do you have a partnership with a shipping company? Yes, this year we are working with our international shipping partner PACK & SEND , available to transport your artworks to and from WCPF. PACK & SEND specialise in international shipping. They will also professionally pack your items to ensure they are safe and secure. They have years of experience in handling and packing even the most fragile of items. Do you provide help with customs forms? We will be providing artists with a pre-completed customs form for international delivery available to download from website. We can also offer support for international artists’ customs paperwork-related queries. What if I can't afford international delivery to the fair? This year, we are offering international artists an option to exhibit  ‘online-only’ at Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair, if you are unable to afford international shipping costs. DELIVERING YOUR ARTWORK IN PERSON | UK REGIONAL DROP OFF | FRAMING SERVICE | INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING You can deliver your artworks to WCPF via the following 5 options: In person drop off If you live close by, or are willing to travel, you can drop your work off directly at the Fair site. This should be done via the stage door at the rear left side of the venue on the 09 November. If you arriving by car, you can use google maps to direct you to ‘Heritage car park’ which will take you directly to the rear door. Address: The Fireworks Factory, 11 No 1 St, Royal Arsenal, London, SE18 6HD UK REGIONAL DROP OFF POINTS With the help of our supportive partners, we have collated a list of Drop Off Locations around the UK, where exhibiting artists can drop off their work to then be transported to the event. This is a free service. Find the details for each by clicking into them: Glasgow | Glasgow Print Studio Manchester | Hot Bed Press Leicester | Leicester Print Workshop Cambridge | St Barnabas Press Torquay | Artizan Collective Gallery London | Woolwich Works St Ives, Cornwall | Porthmeor Print Workshop Aberystwyth | Aberystwyth Printmakers , Belfast | Belfast Print Workshop Bristol | Spike Print Studio If you have any suggestions for additional drop off locations, then please do not hesitate to get in touch with us at info@woolwichprintfair.com . Please note: All unsold artwork will be sent back to its associated drop off point after the fair has concluded. WCPF FRAMING SERVICE To keep shipping costs low, we recommend using our dedicated WCPF framing service, whereby artworks can be shipped to the UK unframed. We launched Woolwich Contemporary Framing to provide competitively priced exhibition-ready frames. Discover more here . All works must be RECEIVED by Monday 15 September International Delivery via PACK & SEND If you are unsure of how to send your works abroad and would like assistance, PACK & SEND , our are dedicated partners and will be available to advise. You will need to package your work securely for shipping and PACK & SEND will send you a label. PACK & SEND specialise in international shipping, they have years of experience in handling and packing even the most fragile of items. They will help with shipping paperwork and customs forms, which are required. For queries relating to international transportation, please contact PACK & SEND here . International delivery to our Studio If you send works abroad regularly and are confident you know how to ship using the correct declaration forms, or want to list the work as having no commercial value, please send works to the following address: WCPF Newhouse, Ireshopeburn, Weardale. DL13 1QA Email: info@woolwichprintfair.com All works must be RECEIVED by Monday 15 October Please note - ALL unsold and uncollected international artworks from the fair will be returned to PACK & SEND for shipping back to the artist - including those sent to our workshop. To keep shipping costs low, we recommend using our dedicated WCPF framing service, whereby artworks can be shipped to the UK unframed. We launched Woolwich Contemporary Framing to provide competitively priced exhibition-ready frames. Discover more here . it is the artist’s responsibility to declare the artwork on an international postage customs declaration form and pay any customs costs your country may impose. To help with this, Art Business Info have created a comprehensive guide on international shipping and customs declaration here . INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING If you are hoping to send in work internationally we offer two options to choose from. We recommend sending works unframed to keep shipping costs low, Framing options can be found in the drop down below. Option 1: If you send works abroad regularly and are confident you know how to ship using the correct declaration forms, or want to list the work as having no commercial value, please send works to the following address: WCPF Newhouse, Ireshopeburn, Weardale. DL13 1QA Email: info@woolwichprintfair.com Option 2: If you are unsure of how to send your works abroad and would like assistance, PACK & SEND , our are dedicated partners and will be available to advise. You will need to package your work securely for shipping and PACK & SEND will send you a label. PACK & SEND specialise in international shipping, they have years of experience in handling and packing even the most fragile of items. They will help with shipping paperwork and customs forms, which are required. For queries relating to international transportation, please contact PACK & SEND here . All works must be RECEIVED by 15 October Please note - ALL unsold and uncollected artworks from the fair will be returned to PACK & SEND for shipping back to the artist. it is the artist’s responsibility to declare the artwork on an international postage customs declaration form and pay any customs costs your country may impose. To help with this, Art Business Info have created a comprehensive guide on international shipping and customs declaration here . Customs Forms We will be providing artists with a pre-completed customs form for international delivery available to download from our website. We can also offer support for international artists’ customs paperwork-related queries. FRAMING To keep shipping costs low, we recommend using our dedicated WCPF framing service, whereby artworks can be shipped to the UK unframed. We launched Woolwich Contemporary Framing to provide competitively priced exhibition-ready frames. Discover more here . All works must be RECEIVED by Monday 15 September UNABLE TO ATTEND IN-PERSON Through our partnerships with Artsy and Kunstmatrix, you can enjoy our Online Edition anywhere in the world. This year, we are also offering international artists an option to exhibit  ‘online-only’ at Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair, if you are unable to afford international shipping costs. We have created a useful guide to support our international artists, to make our application and exhibiting process easier than ever. APPLYING OUTSIDE OF THE UK? To strengthen the international links of art and culture in the UK, we have collated a list of additional country-specific support and contacts for our artists. AUSTRALIA The Australia Council’s International Engagement Fund supports a range of activity that fosters people-to people connections; creates opportunities for cultural exchange and knowledge sharing; and showcases Australian creativity, culture and identity internationally. For more information about funding for Arts Projects for Individuals and Groups, click here . CANADA The Canadian Council’s Arts Abroad Fund celebrates the creativity, innovation and excellence of Canadian artists by helping to bring Canadian works to the world. Find out more about this funding opportunity here . DENMARK The Danish Arts Foundation’s International Visual Arts Funding Programme supports Danish artists invited to exhibit abroad. For enquires, contact the Danish Arts Foundation’s office for Visual Arts via bild@slks.dk or + 45 33 95 42 00 . Visit their website for further information. FINLAND The Finnish Institute in the UK and Ireland is an expert on Finnish culture and society. The Institute supports the internationalisation of Finnish contemporary art and helps artists, researchers and social and cultural actors to create international networks. To discover ways in which they support Finnish artists exhibiting in the UK, visit their website . FRANCE You can find out more on the different approaches, aids and subsidies proposed by the French Ministry of Culture here . Furthermore, the Institut Français in London encourages cross-cultural exchange and presents the best of French culture. They offer financial support to connect French Artists with the British Art Scene. Find out more about their opportunities here . GERMANY The British Council in Germany have compiled a list of funding opportunities for artists exhibiting in the UK. Discover more here . INDIA The British Council in India is committed to ensuring that partners, artists, and audiences in India have access to arts and cultural connections with the UK. Through new approaches to their work, they aim to continue to provide dynamic opportunities for artists and creative sectors around the world during a difficult and unpredictable time. If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions on how the British Council can provide advice and support, please contact arts.india@britishcouncil.org For more information, visit their website . IRELAND Culture Ireland offers support to Irish professional artists, arts organisations and international presenters to present work by Irish artists at significant international venues and festivals. Find out more about this funding here . ITALY The Directorate-General for Contemporary Creativity of the Ministry of Culture is the international call for proposals promoted by the DGCC in support of Italian contemporary creativity, strongly committed to the promotion of Italian art and artistic, critical and curatorial research abroad. To find out more, click here . JAPAN The Daiwa Foundation awards grants to individuals and institutions in the UK and Japan in all areas of the visual and performing arts. Find out more about the Daiwa Foundation Small Grants here . The Great Britain Sasakawa Foundation also seeks to promote mutual understanding and cooperation between the UK and Japan through financial support for activities, including Arts and Culture. To learn more about their grants, click here . KOREA The British Korean Society has at times funds available for small grants to organisations or individuals for activities or projects in sympathy with our members’ and sponsors’ aims of fostering friendship between the UK and Korea. Find out more here . NETHERLANDS The Dutch Embassy in London works to promote Dutch art and culture in the UK. They have a number of funds available to support artists exhibiting in the UK. Discover more here. The Mondriaan Fund also supports artists taking part in international art fairs. Find out more about their grants here . PORTUGAL There is support available from the Camoes Institute in Lisbon, which has grants for international accommodation and transportation. More information can be found here . SWEDEN The Swedish Arts Grants Committee supports the work, development and international contacts of professional artists. It distributes state scholarships and grants to individual artists working in the visual arts, design, music, dance, theatre and film. It is required to keep up-to-date on artists' economic and social conditions. Find out more about their opportunities here . SWITZERLAND Pro Helvetia promotes the professional contemporary Swiss visual arts with a view to ensuring their diversity as well as their national and international reach. It supports the creation of new artistic works, the dissemination of Swiss art and culture outside Switzerland and cultural exchange in Switzerland. Find out more about applying for visual arts funding to support presentations of work at art fairs here . Pro Helvetia supports presentations by up-and-coming artists at renowned art fairs in order to boost the artists’ international visibility, enable them to take initial steps into the market and become financially independent. ARTIST PRIZES Creating exciting opportunities for independent & emerging talent. ACPS Prize ‘Women In Print’ was first proposed as an idea in response to the legacy of printmaker Gwenyth Alban Davis whose printing press and archive is now housed on long-term loan at Artlab Contemporary Print (ACPS) Studios at University of Central Lancashire. Initially perceived as a one-day symposium held at The Harris Museum in May 2018, the event acted as a catalyst for the creation of a new archive in the Northwest linking practice based and critically engaged research specifically focusing on women artists who engage print within a wider arts practice. ‘Women in Print 39’; is now a creative research project curated by Research Fellows Tracy Hill and Magda Stawarska, which explores how printmaking processes can enhance the profiles and expand the practices of women artists, through a residency programme and the development of a unique and internationally significant contemporary print archive. Each year ArtLab invite four artists to create new and innovative artworks challenging their usual practice. One of the recipients of the ACPS Prize has been created to award one artist from the WCPF Curated Hang exhibition, a two-week funded residency to work with the research team at ACPS to develop a new printed edition. The inaugural recipient of the prize in 2024, Sana Obaid, has created work which will be presented alongside the Women In Print editions at WCPF 2025. Art Hub Studios Prize 1 month residency at Art Hub Studios Woolwich printmaking studio. Artichoke Print Award Annual membership to the Brixton-based studio and 10 sessions access. Bainbridge Print Prize 8 session pass to one of the Bainbridge Print studios (based in either Vauxhall or Croydon) or workshop of your choice. BBA Artist Award BBA Artist Award 2024, presented at Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair, offers a unique opportunity for British artists to elevate their careers. The winner will receive a year-long representation on Artsy, valued at 500 Euros, providing global exposure to their work. In addition, they will showcase 3 to 5 artworks in a prestigious group exhibition at BBA Gallery in Berlin during 2025/6. To support this exhibition, the winner will also receive 250 Euros towards shipping and production costs. Boodle Hatfield Printmaking Prize Solo showcase at the following year’s Fair and purchase prize. City & Guilds of London Art School Print Prize 3 days access to City & Guilds of London Art School Print Room to learn or further develop historic etching techniques. East London Printmakers Award 1 year free Associate Membership and 10 free open access sessions at the East London Printmakers studio. Intaglio Printmaker's Prize £150 (incl. VAT) vouchers to spend on materials at Intaglio Printmaker . Ironbridge Fine Arts Award £180 (inc VAT) to spend on any printmaking materials or Gunning Etching presses and equipment from Ironbridge Fine Arts (Instagram: @IronbridgePrintmakers). Jealous Prize Purchase prize by exhibiting partner Jealous Gallery . Jill Bullen Memorial Award Purchase prize. John Purcell Paper Prize £150 voucher to spend at John Purcell Paper . Printmakers' Printmaking Prize The awarded artist will join the following year’s international WCPF Open Call Panel. Printmaking Today Prize Editorial feature in Printmaking Today magazine. Tagsmart Award Free account with concierge service (help entering their work info, manually check addresses etc. before despatch, and provide any other support required) 10 free Smart DNA Print Tags plus 10 free printed and personalised custom Certificates using their own design if they wish, with online provenance records, printed and posted free of charge to anywhere in the world Regular social media coverage of works, exhibitions during the year Artist of the month on the Tagsmart website for January Thames-side Print Studio Prize Membership, sessions and a place on an advanced print course of choice (worth £600) at Thames-side Print Studio . The Curator's Salon Award A 6 page colour feature of an artist's interview with Gita Joshi, to be published in the Summer 2025 edition of Art Seen Magazine . The Sonsoles Print Prize 10 sessions and a 1 year membership at Sonsoles Print Studio . Ushaw Historic House & Gardens Residency & Acquisition Prize Residency programme prize from Ushaw Historic House & Gardens. The winner undertakes a 2 week residency at the heritage site, responding to their extensive collection. The work will then be exhibited at WCPF25, and then put on display for sale at Ushaw, as well as one edition being acquired for their permanent collection. Woolwich Contemporary Prize WCPF25 dedicated solo showcase. QUESTIONS? What if I still have questions and can't find the answers? You can contact us via email . Subscribe to our Newsletter Be the first to know about exclusive print drops, the latest exhibitions and much more. First Name Last Name Email Address Sign Up Thank you! Get 10 months interest free loan with Own Art Pay 10 interest free instalments. Own Art is an Arts Council England funded scheme, which is designed to make it easy and affordable to buy contemporary art by allowing you to spread the cost of your order over 10 monthly interest-free payments. This is currently only available to UK residents. Get in touch with the team sales@woolwichprintfair.com , letting us know what work you’d like to buy and that you’d like to pay with Own Art. We will set up your application from there. Shipping & Returns Shipping: Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair offers FREE UK Delivery for all unframed work, by Tube or Flat Pack . For framed delivery please reach out to us for a quote. ALL WORKS ARE SHIPPED WITHIN 2 WEEKS International Shipping : We ship to the USA, all EU & EEC countries, and more. If your country is not available or you have purchased a framed work, please contact us and we’ll arrange for a specific quote. Customs: International orders might have customs fees (EU orders are excluded), which are not part of the shipping cost. We will try to reduce customs charges following international shipping rules. Returns: If you're not satisfied with your order for any reason, please tell us and return it within 14 days for a replacement or a full refund. Please read our full returns policy HERE . Championing Artists Our pioneering exhibition model of 50% specialist galleries and 50% independent artists is unique in supporting artists who may not have the opportunity to show in an international art fair which generally rely on gallery representation. WCPF's global art platform hosts an open call that gives artists the cchance to have their work reviewed by a panel of leading industry experts, with successful artworks going on to show in the Fair's 'Curated Hang' section alongside celebrated names and work from renowned galleries. This exposure provides further opportunities for artist awards, prizes and residencies, to significant acquisitions and gallery representation. What is an Original Print? Woolwich Contemporary Print Fair only deals in original prints and does not work with reproduction prints which are copies of other artworks, and where the term 'print' can be misunderstood. An ‘Original Print’ is a work of art that was conceived as a print in its first instance , as opposed to a reproduction of another original work. This means the artist has set about to create a print, whether it is an etching, mono-print, lithograph etc. rather than simply taking a photograph or scan of an existing artwork and printing out a number of ‘reproduction’ prints like a poster. The artist decides on the number of editions within the print run and number each accordingly (eg. 1/30). There is no difference in value between the first and the last print within the edition as each one is an original artwork. Once all editions have been printed the matrix is destroyed or repurposed so no others can be made. For more information about prints and how to look after them, please visit our About Print page. OUR TEAM PRESS | | FAQS TERMS PRIVACY RETURNS | | Woolwich Works, The Fireworks Factory, No.1 Street, Royal Arsenal, Woolwich, London, SE18 6HD  | info@woolwichprintfair.com