Sitges FanPitch Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (1) Submit Sitges FanPitch (4) Deadlines 10 Mar 2025 Call for entries 31 May 2025 Standard deadline 30 Jun 2025 Late deadline 30 Jun 2025 Final deadline 1 day 09 Sep 2025 Notification date 09 Oct 2025 19 Oct 2025 Address Sant Honorat, 32, 08870, Sitges, Barcelona, Spain Festival description Short film festival Feature film festival Script / Pitch projects Featured Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location Production date: Any Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films Feature Films Any language Any language Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Catalan English Spanish Festival description (Edition: 4) Festival start: 09 October 2025     
							Festival end: 19 October 2025 SITGES FANPITCH 2025 For the eleventh year in a row, the Sitges - International Fantastic Film Festival of Catalonia is organizing Sitges FanPitch, its feature film and series production project pitch competition. Sitges FanPitch is the international pitch competition event focusing on feature films and series productions in development with horror, science fiction and/or fantastic genre themes. The initiative maintains its objective of discovering the very best genre projects and facilitating connections with leading industry companies. The event will take place in hybrid format on October 12 and 13, 2025 at the Sitges Film Festival. Altogether, a maximum of five series and seven feature films from all around the world will be selected. These will be joined by the projects selected by the Festival at the collaborating Sitges FanPitch film markets and the project selected at Sitges FanPitch Catalunya Imaginària. The people responsible for each of the selected projects will have the opportunity to make a sales pitch and meet with each of the participating companies. In addition, the five winning feature film projects will be eligible for travel grants for their international circulation and to be part of the next Feratum Residency. In the series category, one winning project will be selected, which will be awarded a cash prize for its ongoing development. Once again this year, we will be supporting local talent with the Catalunya Imaginària label, guaranteeing a place in the final selection for a project in Catalan. For the fifth consecutive year, this edition will be complemented by the Showrunners LAB, an introductory and mentoring seminar on the role of the showrunner. The selected series projects will be able to benefit from individual mentoring sessions with the showrunners participating in this year's edition. Prizes and qualifications AWARDS Feature Film Category •	Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival – NAFF Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Fantasia International Film Festival - Frontières Market Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Ventana Sur – Blood Window LAB Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival - BIF Market Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Feratum International Fantastic Film Festival - Residència Feratum Award: This award covers the stay here but not travel expenses. Series Category •	Sitges FanPitch – Scripted Series Award: Cash prize of 2,500 euros (VAT included) for the project’s ongoing development. Rules RULES AND REQUIREMENTS Candidate projects will need to present: 1.	Script (in original language). 2.	Dossier with a synopsis of the project, cast, brief treatment, benchmark films and a description of the target audience, director's bio-filmography and anything else considered of interest to the jury, producers and distributors participating in the competition. The dossier must be in english. 3.	Video pitch with a maximum running time of 3 minutes (in english or with english subtitles). 4.	Poster proposal for the film/series. 5.	Commitment to participate and acknowledgment of the sole representative on behalf of the project. This can be a PDF document with this text signed by the representative: "I, [Name and Surname], in my capacity as [position or role] of the project [Project Name], accept the commitment to participate in [name of the event or initiative] and recognize [Representative's Name] as the sole official representative of the project before the organization. This document certifies my agreement with the established conditions and is submitted signed for validation purposes." 6.	Commitment to add the Sitges FanPitch and Sitges FanLab logo to the production credits if it is finally carried out. awards Feature Film Category •	Bucheon International Fantastic Film Festival – NAFF Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Fantasia International Film Festival - Frontières Market Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Ventana Sur – Blood Window LAB Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival - BIF Market Award: Travel grant including accreditation, travel expenses and accommodation at the destination for one project representative. •	Feratum International Fantastic Film Festival - Residència Feratum Award: This award covers the stay here but not travel expenses. Series Category •	Sitges FanPitch – Scripted Series Award: Cash prize of 2,500 euros (VAT included) for the project’s ongoing development. CALL FOR ENTRIES AND SUBMISSIONS •	Call for entries opens: March 10, 2025 •	Submission period: o	Standard: March 10, 2025 – May 31, 2025 (Submission fee: 50 euros) o	Extended: June 1, 2025 - June 30, 2025 (Registration fee: 60 euros) •	Call for entries closes: June 30, 2025, 12 PM CEST. •	Announcement of the selected project: September 9, 2025 WHERE TO APPLY Call for entries via Festhome. SUBMISSION DOUBTS AND ISSUES Technical issues with the uploading of materials: •	Festhome: https://festhome.com/es/faqs#2 If you can't find the answer, contact Festhome at help@festhome.com, via the online support chat, on Skype (festhome.festivals) or call: o	Spain: +34 683 158 619 o	USA: +1 (516) 85842 85 o	United Kingdom: +44 (0) 20 32 86 41 40 (13.00-19.00 GMT) Doubts regarding requirements: industry.hub@sitgesfilmfestival.com In collaboration with: Encounter of International Producers Encounter of International Producers – EIP SITGES FANPITCH 2025 Script / Pitch Fee -8% Standard 50€ 46€ 31 May 25 Late 60€ 55.2€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 4.8€ Submit Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy