The Queer and Trans Research Lab: Artist-in-Residence | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity the queer and trans research lab: artist-in-residence University of Toronto Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: King's College Circle, Toronto, Canada Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: No Artistic fields: Applied Arts Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Writing Overview The Queer and Trans Research Lab (QTRL) at the University of Toronto invites all qualified applicants to apply be our artist-in-residence for the 2025-26 school year. The QTRL residency will provide financial and other material support for artists working in any medium (photography, sculpture, visual art, media arts, theatre, poetry, playwriting, fiction, etc.), whose work centres on LGBTQ2S+ lives, communities, histories, and cultures. The residency will culminate in a funded exhibition, reading, screening, or performance of the resident’s work-in-progress. The successful applicant is expected to be in residence in the Greater Toronto Area during the period of their award and will join the faculty and students who make up our intellectual community and participate in activities at the Mark S. Bonham Centre for Sexual Diversity Studies. These may include guest lectures, a public artist talk, office hours with our students, and a general presence at the Centre. About the Artist-in-Residence The Centre residency provides financial and other material support for artists working in any medium (photography, sculpture, media arts, theatre, writing, etc.), whose work centres on LGBTQ2S+ lives, communities, histories, and cultures and expressly concentrates on 1) the role art plays in expanding how we think about sexual diversity 2) relations between art, activism, and social justice. The residency culminates in a fully funded exhibition, reading, or performance of the resident’s work-in-progress. The artist-in-residence is expected to be in residence in the Greater Toronto Area during the period of their award and will join the faculty and students who make up our intellectual community and participate in the Centre’s day-to-day activities. They are given office space and access to the vast faculty resources, manuscript archives, and library collections available at the University of Toronto and the Bonham Centre. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post The Queer and Trans Research Lab: Artist-in-Residence University of Toronto The Queer and Trans Research Lab: Artist-in-Residence University of Toronto Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect