AADK Spain | Open Calls ES / EN ABOUT RESIDENCIES INTERDISCIPLINARY / CRUCE SOUND TERRITORY IMMERSIVE EXPANDED SPACE CRITICAL SPATIALITIES BODY / ON DURATION OPEN CALLS ROTA FESTIVAL ARTISTS PROJECTS AL-DARRAX EDITIONS SHARING PLACES SOUND OF RUINS BODY AND TERRITORY MEMORY CASA JAZMIN TAHWILA 2012-2020 CONTEMPORARY PRACTICES AADK SONORA CARTOGRAPHIES TRANSLOCALITY ABOUT RESIDENCIES INTERDISCIPLINARY / CRUCE SOUND TERRITORY IMMERSIVE EXPANDED SPACE CRITICAL SPATIALITIES BODY / ON DURATION OPEN CALLS ROTA FESTIVAL ARTISTS PROJECTS AL-DARRAX EDITIONS SHARING PLACES SOUND OF RUINS BODY AND TERRITORY MEMORY CASA JAZMIN TAHWILA 2012-2020 CONTEMPORARY PRACTICES AADK SONORA CARTOGRAPHIES TRANSLOCALITY Search: Open Calls SITE SPECIFIC 2025 This open call ends on June 29th 2025 Residency period: 1 or 2 months between August & September 2025 AADK Spain invites applications for “Site-Specific,” curated by Dr. Raegan Truax, a residency focused on land-based, ecological, and time-oriented artistic practices. The residency invites artists from diverse disciplines to explore the interaction between landscape, water and sustainability. Read detailed information about the program here. To submit your application, please read carefully the program information and complete our application form. Residency Program 2025 This Open Call is currently open. Residency length: Minimum 1 month Months: between April and June, or between October and December, 2025 Edition’s Theme: the absence Find detailed information about this call here . To apply, please take a look at said link, and complete our registration form here. Cruce Program This Open Call is ongoing. Residency period: All year. Read detailed information about the program here . To apply, please read our Terms and Conditions carefully, consult our list of prices to choose the desired services and resources, then complete our registration form . Find all the documents on the link. The application process is open, selection is made in order of request and reservation is finalised once the necessary part of the financial contribution has been made. IMMERSIVE Residencies This open call ends on 15th December 2024 Residency period: April, May, June 2025 October, November, 2025 Find complete information and our Terms and Conditions of this open call here. To submit your application, please fill in this Application Form. Those who do not wish to use a Google account to submit their application may request a downloadable version of the Registration Form through info@aadk.es SOUND Residencies Deadline to apply: 15th December 2024 Residency period: March to May 2025 Read detailed information about the program here . To apply, please read our Terms and Conditions carefully,  then complete our registration form . A maximum of 8 artists or groups will be selected for this call. We invite you to send your proposals! ON DURATION Application open (selection on a rolling basis) Residency period: 1 or 2 months between July and September 2025 Conceived and founded in 2020 by Raegan Truax, PhD, Durational Performance Artist, Professor of Performance and Embodied Praxis, Founder and Director of Creative Body Institute, ON DURATION supports durational artists to engage in creative research and site-responsive public praxis. Taking over AADK’s living and studio spaces July, August, and September 2025, the ON DURATION residency brings together an intergenerational and international group of artists who each work with duration in radically different ways. More information here Open Calls Closed CRITICAL SPATIALIATIES Architectural Residency Deadline to apply: 15th of May, 2024. Residency period: October, November, 2024 Read detailed information about the program here . The call is intended for creators who work with the criticality of space and undertake research, design, ephemeral or permanent interventions/installations/prototyping and want to engage with the unique enclave of the Ricote Valley (Blanca, Murcia). To apply, please read our Terms and Conditions carefully,  then complete our registration form. A maximum of 6 artists or dúos will be selected for this call. We invite you to send your proposals! EXPANDED SPACE Residencies at Nea Livera, Greece Deadline to apply: 15th May, 2024 Residency period: November, December 2024 At its core, the residency aims to redefine the traditional artist’s studio practices and embrace the boundless potential of the outdoor natural environment. Participants will be invited to engage with the raw, natural beauty of the surroundings for a wild outdoor exploration of their creative potential. This is an invitation to think together about how residencies can engage with these difficult times where wars, climate change, migration, and social injustice are evident issues. The residency offers an idyllic environment for dedicating time, space, and energy to creative growth. Read detailed information about the program here To apply, please read our Terms and Conditions carefully,  then complete our registration form. A maximum of 6 artists or dúos will be selected for this call. We invite you to send your proposals! SOUND Residencies Deadline to apply: 20th April, 2024 Residency period: May, June, July 2024 Read detailed information about the program here . To apply, please read our Terms and Conditions carefully,  then complete our registration form . Find all the documents on the link. A maximum of 8 artists or groups will be selected for this call. We invite you to send your proposals! IMMERSIVE Residencies This open call ends on 15 February 2024 Residency period: March, April, May 2024 October, November, December 2024 Find complete information and our Terms and Conditions of this open call here. To submit your application, please fill in this Application Form . Those who do not wish to use a Google Account to apply, can submit their application via the downloadable version of this form. ON DURATION Residency This open call ends on 1st March 2024 Residency period: August, September 2024 Find complete information and our Terms and Conditions of this open call here. To submit your application, please fill in this Application Form Those who do not wish to use a Google account to submit their application, may use the downloadable version and submit it to info@aadk.es Performance Intensive, with Raegan Truax This Open Call ends on the 30th of May, 2023 Find detailed information, terms and conditions of this call here . To apply, please fill in this Registration Form. Those who do not wish to use a Google account to submit their application may request a downloadable version of the Registration Form through lab@aadk.es Residency Program 2023 first semester The application deadline is the 15th of August 2022. Read the detailed information about the open call here . To apply, read our Terms & Conditions and complete our online Registration Form . Keep in mind that when filling in the form, you will have to upload a single PDF (max. 10MB) including your CV, Bio and portfolio. Those who do not wish to use a Google account can also apply by completing the downloadable version of the application form and sending it to info@aadk.es along with a single pdf containing their CV, biography and portfolio (max. 10 MB) Find our Terms & Conditions and application form under the ‘ Residencies ‘ menu on our website, at the bottom of the page. Artist Residency Program 2022 second semester The application deadline is the 10th of April 2022. Read the detailed information about the open call here . To apply, read our Terms & Conditions and complete our online Registration Form . Keep in mind that when filling in the form, you will have to upload a single PDF (max. 10MB) including your CV, Bio and portfolio. Those who do not wish to use a Google account can also apply by completing the downloadable version of the application form and sending it to info@aadk.es along with a single pdf containing their CV, biography and portfolio (max. 10 MB) Artist Residency Program 2022 The application deadline is 15/08/2021. Read the detailed information about the open call here . To apply, read our Terms & Conditions and complete our on-line Registration Form . Keep in mind that when filling in the form, you will have to upload a single PDF (max. 10MB) including your CV, Bio and portfolio. Those who do not wish to use a Google account can also apply by completing the downloadable version of the application form and sending it to info@aadk.es along with a single pdf containing their CV, biography and portfolio (max. 10 MB) Open Call for Urban Art Application deadline: 30/01/2021 . Our second Open Call for Urban Art, in collaboration with the Department of Culture of Blanca, is now running.  We are looking forward to receive proposals from muralists interested in developing a piece by the Segura river. The selected artist will receive a compensation, advice and a fee for the production of the mural, accommodation, food and transport expenses. The production of the work will take place during the first two weeks of February. To participate, read our terms and conditions and send us your proposal to info@aadk.es Artist Residency Program 2021 Application deadline: 30/01/2021 . Our second Open Call for Urban Art, in collaboration with the Department of Culture of Blanca, is now running.  We are looking forward to receive proposals from muralists interested in developing a piece by the Segura river. The selected artist will receive a compensation, advice and a fee for the production of the mural, accommodation, food and transport expenses. The production of the work will take place during the first two weeks of February. To participate, read our terms and conditions and send us your proposal to info@aadk.es Data Privacy Cookies Legal Terms AADK Spain Calle del Castillo 30, 30405 Blanca, Murcia, España Contact info@aadk.es Al Darrax Editions FAQs > Open Call Calendar > Gallery > Partners and Supporters > NEWSLETTER I have read and accepted the Privacy Policy. Web Design: AADK | Code: Fellas AADK Spain utiliza cookies propias con finalidad técnica, no recaba ni cede datos de carácter personal de los usuarios sin su conocimiento. Esta web contiene enlaces a sitios web de terceros con políticas de privacidad ajenas a AADK Spain. Vale Rechazar