Street Art Festival 2025 ‘Past Perspectives’ Art in Public Space (Czech Republic) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Street Art Festival 2025 ‘Past Perspectives’ Art in Public Space (Czech Republic) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Czech Republic Read this call in: Czech Street Art Festival is calling for proposals for art in public space for their 2025 edition in Olomouc, Czech Republic. The project can be implemented either from 1–12 September or 23–30 September 2025. Public spaces, particularly those in Olomouc, have become fertile ground for the works of the most prominent artists of their time. The baroque fountains of Olomouc are still a tangible testament to this legacy—their craftsmanship and integration into the city’s structure exemplify the fusion of art and environment. Another significant era of artistic flourishing in urban spaces emerged in the early 20th century, this time with monumental statues commemorating historical figures. It is precisely these artistic achievements, which give Olomouc its distinctive character and unmistakable cultural identity, that form the central theme of the SAFE Olomouc 2025 festival. This festival, which has long been dedicated to fostering a dialogue between the city, art, and its inhabitants, will focus this year on reflecting upon and reinterpreting both contemporary and historical artistic interventions that have shaped the city’s face. High-quality art in public spaces should always respect and enrich its surroundings, becoming an organic part of the environment. Unfortunately, in recent years, we have increasingly witnessed artistic works that neglect this principle—disrupting the harmony of their setting instead of complementing it. This trend has inspired the festival to dedicate the 18th edition of the Olomouc Street Art Festival to a critical reflection on existing and even lost artistic interventions in Olomouc’s public spaces. Selected artists will be provided with accommodation and funds for transport and materials. As well, the selected artists will be awarded 1,200 EUR. Deadline: 1 June 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Site-responsive Work Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to Czech Republic Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap