Banff Musicians in Residence Winter 2026 | Banff Centre Skip to main content Programs View Programs Arts Indigenous Arts Visual Arts Literary Arts Dance Music Opera Theatre Mountain Culture Professional Training Programs Leighton Artist Studios Leadership Indigenous Leadership Shows & Festivals Events Banff Summer Arts Festival Performances & Arts Events Exhibitions National Indigenous History Month House Programs Box Office Banff Centre Celebrates Banff International String Quartet Competition Competitor Information Tickets & Packages Mountain Film Festival World Tour Banff on Demand 2025 Festival Competitions, Awards & Workshops Stay & Dine Restaurants Maclab Bistro Vistas Dining Room Three Ravens Restaurant & Wine Bar (closed) Hotels Banquets & Receptions Conference Centre Our Conference Centre Meeting Spaces & Convention Facilities Hotel & Dining The Destination Campus Facilities Sally Borden Fitness Walter Phillips Gallery Library & Archives Artist Facilities Map & Directions Webcam About Us About Us Work With Us Subscribe to Newsletters Support Us Contact Us Strategic Plan Governance Banff Centre Foundation Board of Governors Banff Centre Leadership Group Search Donate Want to find out more about upcoming programs? Please subscribe to our mailing list . English French Banff Musicians in Residence Winter 2026 Music | In-Person Application Deadline July 09, 2025 Program Dates Jan 12, 2026 - Jan 30, 2026 Arrive Jan 11, 2026 Depart Jan 31, 2026 Apply Now Program Information Nikki Huang, Banff Centre 2023. Photo by Rita Taylor. Overview This residency provides individual musicians and bands/ensembles of all genres with space and dedicated time to research, create, and develop projects within Banff Centre’s exceptional campus and mountain setting. You will have the freedom to focus on your artistic process and structure your time according to your project’s needs. Additionally, you'll receive artistic inspiration and career advice from well-established faculty, from Ensemble Paramirabo, Third Coast Percussion and Jlin. The diverse range of artistic influences over the three weeks, combined with opportunities for peer interaction and collaboration, will foster new discoveries and transformative experiences. The final week of the residency is fully self-directed, providing space for you to focus on your own projects without any faculty activity. Description This residency offers the unique opportunity for musicians at all career stages and all genres time and space to: Research, develop, and create their own projects, taking risks and experimenting with new ideas in a supportive environment to enhance creative practices. Focus on creative exploration and experimentation through peer and mentor-led group or one-on-one sessions. Be inspired by peers and collaborate with musicians across various genres. Explore new material and performance practices through public concerts that simulate professional working conditions and timelines. Learn to self-record in your own studio to independently document and disseminate your work. Gain insights into industry best practices for recording demos by collaborating with audio engineers, professional training participants, and mentors (if available). Join an expanded artistic community at Banff Centre for ongoing networking and support throughout your career. A limited number of studio recording possibilities will be offered by the Professional Training Program: Audio Engineer: BMiR participants. Requirements The program is ideal for individual musicians, ensembles, bands, composers, and music researchers who wish to: Spend focused time on a specific project Create new works Prepare for concerts, auditions, or competitions Explore and research innovative ideas Participants should be comfortable working autonomously in an unstructured environment to fully benefit from the program. Musicians at all levels are encouraged to apply. Attendance for all three weeks of the residency is required. Artistic Associate Those seeking additional professional development can apply for the role of Artistic Associate, this unique opportunity is available to an individual of exceptional musical ability and maturity. In addition to the program elements the Artistic Associate will: Act as the liaison between faculty and musicians throughout the program. Be involved in the delivery and event curation of the Banff Musicians in Residence program. Facilitate communication between visiting artists, resident musicians, Music programming, and production staff. The successful applicant for the Artistic Associate will receive a scholarship covering 100% of the program costs and a travel award that is subject to regional maximums, not to exceed $1500. Eligibility Applicants must be 18+ at the time of the program start date. Domestic and international applications are welcome. Visa Eligibility Information: Please note that Banff Centre programs do not meet the eligibility requirements for a Canadian Student Visa. If you are accepted into our program, you must obtain a Visitor Visa to enter Canada. Accepted participants are responsible for identifying and complying with the immigration requirements to enter Canada as a visitor from their country of origin. If you require a Visitor Visa please check the current expected processing times well in advance of applying. Inclusivity Statement We welcome applicants of all ages (18+), backgrounds, gender identities and expressions to apply. Artists from historically underrepresented and equity deserving groups are especially welcome. Itinerary Participants arrive on campus January 11, 2026 Program elements include: Program and Banff Centre Orientation Three faculty lectures Sharing Circles -3 times a week Camp Fire Public Performances: Concert 1: Jan 16, 2026 Concert 2: Jan 23, 2026 Concert 3: Jan 30, 2026 Participants depart Jan 31, 2025. Faculty Jeffrey Stonehouse Jeffrey Stonehouse A graduate of the Conservatoire de musique de Montréal and McGill University, flautist Jeffrey Stonehouse performs on stages across Canada as well as abroad in Europe, the United States and Mexico. Very active in the Montreal new music scene, he is co-founder and artistic director of Paramirabo and flautist of the Nouvel Ensemble Moderne. He also performs with ECM+, SMCQ and No Hay Banda. He is artistic director of the specialized broadcaster Le Vivier. Jeffrey also works as a freelancer in orchestras in Quebec. He performs with the Orchestre Métropolitain, I Musici, as well as the symphony orchestras of Trois-Rivières, Laval, Quebec City and Drummondville. As a soloist, he has performed with the Orchestre Métropolitain, the Kitchener-Waterloo Symphony Orchestra and at the festivals Journées de l'informatique musicale (Paris), Cluster New Music + Integrated Arts (Winnipeg), Mise-En (New York) and Chrysanthemums and Maple Leaves Festival (Vancouver). He is the winner of the Best Performer Award at the Soundscape Festival (Maccagno, Italy) as well as 2nd prize in the TD-Canada Trust Young Artist Competition. Other projects include the iso project (with harpist Robin Best) and Altra Voce (with soprano Sarah Albu). He can be heard on several records on the labels: ATMA, Naxos, Centrediscs, and Redshift Records. Photo by Brenden Friesen Flute, Ensemble Paramirabo Gwénaëlle Ratouit Gwénaëlle Ratouit Gwénaëlle Ratouit is a versatile clarinetist active as a chamber musician and orchestral musician in Montreal. Her curiosity now leads her to perform in various projects between classical and contemporary music in Europe and Canada. After several years of musical studies in France where she perfected her skills with the soloists of the Orchestre National Bordeaux Aquitaine including Richard Rimbert, Gwénaëlle developed her musical personality and refined her playing alongside Martin Carpentier at the University of Montreal where she obtained her Master of Interpretation. She also holds a French teaching diploma as well as a Bachelor of Musicology. Winner of several prizes and scholarships, she notably won the First Julie Sirois Prize organized by the Nouvel Ensemble Moderne twice in a row in 2021 and 2022. Playing from the small clarinet to the bass clarinet, Gwénaëlle is a permanent member of the contemporary music ensembles Nouvel Ensemble Moderne, Paramirabo and also a member of the reed quintet 5ilience. She can be found in classical repertoire with the wind octet Ad Hoc. She participates in numerous recordings for emerging artists and film music composers in Quebec. She also performs as a supernumerary in symphony orchestras and wind ensembles in France and Canada. Very involved in the transmission of knowledge, she currently teaches clarinet and bass clarinet in secondary schools. Photo by Brenden Friesen. Clarinet, Ensemble Paramirabo Hubert Brizard Hubert Brizard A 2016 graduate of the Conservatoire de Musique de Montréal where he studied with Johanne Arel, Hubert Brizard is a violinist from Longueuil. Recipient of several summer scholarships, he had the opportunity to perfect his skills with great violinists such as Pinchas Zukerman, Grigory Kalinovsky, William Van Der Sloot, Jonathan Crow and Andrew Wan. He has been a member of the Ensemble Contemporain de Montréal (ECM+) for 3 years, in addition to being a supernumerary for ensembles such as I Musici, the Nouvel Ensemble Moderne, the Orchestre Symphonique de Sherbrooke, as well as the Orchestre Symphonique de Longueuil. He can also be seen occasionally in SMCQ concerts. Passionate about new music, he has participated in many memorable creations, such as Hockey Noir by André Ristic (ECM+), Evta by Ana Sokolovic (ECM+), Who Can Go Up to the Mountain of the Eternal by Katia Makdissi-Warren (NEM) as well as …and at the End… by Brice Gatinet. Photo by Brenden Friesen Violin, Ensemble Paramirabo Viviana Gosselin Viviana Gosselin Viviana Gosselin has been presented as a soloist by ECM+ and Paramirabo. She performs in concert with ECM+, the ARKEA ensemble, the Sinfonia de Lanaudière, the Orchestre symphonique de l'Estuaire, the Opéra bouffe du Québec and the Radio-Ville-Marie choirs and the Petits chanteurs du Mont-Royal. She has collaborated with the groups of Mario Pelchat, Marc Hervieux and OktoEcho. Viviana graduated from the Conservatoire de musique de Montréal in Carole Sirois' class. She was an intern at the Orchestral Institute of the National Arts Centre in Ottawa during the 2010-2011 season. She is a prizewinner of the Concours de musique de la Montérégie and Verdun and received the Montée des arts (2006) and Wilfrid Laurier (2008) scholarships. In addition to her talents as a cellist, she is also active on the Montreal scene as a graphic designer and computer graphics artist. Photo by Brenden Friesen Cello, Ensemble Paramirabo Pamela Reimer Pamela Reimer Soloist, chamber musician and creator, Montreal pianist Pamela Reimer is renowned for her versatility and great musical complicity. She has created, toured and recorded with the Bradyworks ensemble, the Blue Rider Ensemble, the Ensemble contemporain de Montréal, the Société de musique contemporaine du Québec, Orford Six Pianos, Erreur de Type 27, the Ensemble Paramirabo, No Hay Banda and in duets with flautist Marie-Hélène Breault and percussionist Beverley Johnston. Her passion for dance and theatre has led her to interdisciplinary collaborations with Les Grands ballets Canadiens, the National Ballet of Canada, and to the creation of theatrical concerts, including Les Non-dits (2023) with Krystina Marcoux and Nick Carpenter; '50 questions @ 50' (2019), directed by Marie-Josée Chartier; and Perspectives d'Hildegard (2016), directed by Alice Ronfard. She has received several grants from the Canada Council for the Arts. From 2016 to 2018, she was artist-in-residence at Concordia University, and in 2020, guest pianist in London with the London Sinfonietta. Her recent recordings are 'Mes hommages' (2019): works for flute and piano by Quebec composers, with Marie-Hélène Breault; and 'Musique de François Tousignant' (2021), with the Ensemble Paramirabo, where she can be heard on piano, harpsichord and synthesizer. She teaches at the Conservatoire de Musique de Montréal. Photo by Brenden Friesen Piano, Ensemble Paramirabo Krystina Marcoux Krystina Marcoux Krystina Marcoux is recognized for her flamboyant energy, musical precision and artistic versatility. In 2012, she won first prize at the Montreal Symphony Orchestra’s Standard Life Competition, where her “unique connection with the audience” was highlighted by the jury, who called her an “exceptionally promising young artist.” In August 2019, she made her solo debut with the Montreal Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Maestro Kent Nagano, and in December 2022 she will present a solo marimba recital at the prestigious Montreal Bach Festival. Krystina firmly defends the idea that the stage is a malleable material that needs to be folded, curved, just like modeling clay. Combining theater, dance, stand-up, mime, humor or even sports with her percussion, Krystina strives to open her musical universe to an ever wider audience. Despite her young age, she has already signed 9 shows. Originally from Quebec, Krystina obtained her PhD under the supervision of Jean Geoffroy at the Conservatoire National Supérieur de Musique et de Danse de Lyon, specializing in the relationship between theater, dance and music in hybrid shows. Her research-practical work was recognized by the jury as 'constituting a pioneering essay in the field of research-creation in France'. For the past five years, Krystina has shared the stage with cellist Juan Sebastian Delgado. Their duo Stick&Bow explores the repertoire of each era, while adapting it to the wide possibilities offered by this instrumental combination (cello & marimba). Stick&Bow's critically acclaimed debut album, Résonance, was hailed by Toronto's The WholeNote as "simply brilliant" and "totally delightful" and by La Scena Musicale as "full of beautiful surprises." Their second album, released by Analekta, explores JS Bach's Trio Sonatas with renowned harpsichordist Luc Beauséjour. In June 2022, their third album Veni, Vola, Veni was released by Analekta. This album features works by Piazzolla with legendary tango-jazz pianist Gustavo Beytelmann for marimba, vibraphone, cello and piano. Critics have noted the duo as: a youthful and daring approach as well as a more than solid musicality based on impeccable classical studies end up making the Montreal duo a lasting meteor that impresses the music scene here and elsewhere. Gustavo Beytelmann, former pianist of Astor Piazzolla, reworks the latter's compositions with the notoriety of his experience: The meeting between the two young Quebec musicians and the Argentinian patriarch of this learned tango, one of the few still in this world, is important and offers a whole panache not only to this music but also to this duo that amazes the gallery wherever it goes. Krystina has been an artist at Adams Percussions since 2017 and Stick&Bow has been represented by Barbara Scales at Latitudes45arts since July 2018 and the record label Analekta since 2020. Photo by Brenden Friesen Percussions, Ensemble Paramirabo Christophe Lebreton, alias Zakahamida Christophe Lebreton, alias Zakahamida https://www.lisilog.com/en/ Designer of interactive devices, musician and scientist by training, he has worked as a sound engineer and producer in computer music since 1989. Until 2019, he participated in the development and influence of GRAME (National Center of musical creation – Lyon – FR) , creation of recording studios, discographic productions, shows, concerts, Opera, exhibitions and has worked with many composers of contemporary music in France and abroad while confronting the realities and diversity of contemporary productions on a daily basis. Since 2003, he has focused his research and development on gesture capture and the augmented scene. He experiments with what he calls “instrumental scenography”. He is interested in all the performing arts for which his research and development are related. Since 2013 he has been creating gestural musical applications for Smartphones (“SmartFaust”, “Smart Hand Computer”), developing the “Light Wall System” software suite oriented for pedagogy. In 2019 he founded with Jean GEOFFROY the association LiSiLoG, dedicated to technological, artistic and transmission innovation. Since 2020 he has been developing the iMSS system for multi-camera motion capture for low budget creation and production. Under his artist name Zakahamida, he creates interactive installations running from second-hand iPhones to easily edit and distribute his works. In particular, he is continuing his experiments around the concept of “Smartland post-digital garden” which he initiated in 2013 with “Smartland – Divertimento”. In 2021 he created the C.CUT-UP! exhibition and disseminated his works in France and abroad, continuing to lead workshops in art schools and various training centers while continuing his creations, compositions, research and development within LiSiLoG. Computer Music, Producer. Jan 12 - 22 David Skidmore David Skidmore Third Coast Percussion David Skidmore is an Ensemble Member and Executive Director of Third Coast Percussion. As a chamber musician, David has performed at Carnegie Hall, the Lincoln Center Festival, Kimmel Center, EMPAC, June in Buffalo, Klangspuren Schwaz, the Ojai Music Festival, the Bang On a Can Marathon and three Percussive Arts Society International Conventions. David was a member of the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble from 2007-2011 and Ensemble ACJW from 2008-2010. David has performed and collaborated with many of the world's finest musicians including conductors Pierre Boulez, Lorin Maazel, David Robertson, and Michael Tilson Thomas, composers Steve Reich, Steve Mackey, Matthias Pintscher, and Peter Eötvos, and chamber ensembles Eighth Blackbird and Ensemble Signal. David has performed as a soloist in Europe, Asia, and the United States. David has also performed as a member of the Lucerne Festival Academy, the Civic Orchestra of Chicago, the Pacific Music Festival, and the National Repertory Orchestra. David is also a composer, and his works are performed regularly in concert halls and universities across the country. David taught for four years on the percussion faculty at the Peabody Conservatory. He holds a Bachelor of Music degree from Northwestern University and a Master of Music degree from the Yale School of Music. His teachers were Michael Hernandez, Shawn Schietroma, Michael Burritt, James Ross, and Robert Van Sice. Percussion, Third Coast Percussion. Jan 12 - 16 Robert Dillon Robert Dillon Third Coast Percussion Robert Dillon is an Ensemble Member and Development Director of Third Coast Percussion. He has also performed as a substitute with the Chicago, Boston, and San Diego Symphony Orchestras, and served as principal percussionist in the Madison Symphony Orchestra from 2007-2008. A passionate educator, he previously served as chair of percussion studies at Merit School of Music and a percussion instructor at Loyola University Chicago. Robert has appeared numerous times on the Chicago Symphony’s contemporary music series, MusicNow, as well as the University of Chicago’s Contempo series, and was a member of the unique, international 12-percussionist Ensemble XII, which grew out of Pierre Boulez’s Lucerne Festival Academy (Switzerland). Robert was a member of the Civic Orchestra of Chicago, and participated in programs at the Tanglewood Music Center, Spoleto Festival USA, National Repertory Orchestra, and Pacific Music Festival (Sapporo, Japan). In addition to Third Coast recordings, Robert can be heard as a soloist on Innova Records (Christopher Adler—Ecstatic Volutions in a Neon Haze), and a performer on Naxos Records (American Music for Percussion, Volume 1) and Parlour Tapes+ (Katherine Young – Diligence is to Magic as Progress is to Flight). He has performed as a soloist in America, Switzerland, and Jordan. Robert holds a Bachelor of Music from Northwestern University and a Master of Music from the New England Conservatory, where he received the John Cage Award for Outstanding Contribution to Contemporary Music Performance. His teachers include Michael Burritt, James Ross and Will Hudgins. Percussion, Third Coast Percussion. Jan 12 - 16 Peter Martin Peter Martin Third Coast Percussion Peter Martin is an Ensemble Member and Finance Director of Third Coast Percussion. As a chamber musician, Peter has performed with many leading new music ensembles including the International Contemporary Ensemble (ICE), Eighth Blackbird, the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, the Atlantic Chamber Ensemble, Opera Moda, Tomorrow Music Orchestra, and Ensemble Signal. In addition to his work with Third Coast Percussion, Peter is a member of the award-winning contemporary music group Ensemble Dal Niente. His recorded work can be heard on the New Focus, New Amsterdam, Mode, Ears & Eyes, Harmonia Mundi, and Narooma labels. As an educator, Peter was an Assistant Professor and Director of Percussion Studies at Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, VA from 2009-2013. He held previous teaching positions at Northwestern University and Trinity International University. Peter holds Doctor of Music and Master of Music Degrees from Northwestern University’s Bienen School of Music and a Bachelor of Music Degree from Mason Gross School of the Arts at Rutgers University. While a student, Peter was awarded first prize at the Percussive Arts Society International Solo Marimba Competition. His teachers include Michael Burritt, She-e Wu, Leigh Howard Stevens. Percussion, Third Coast Percussion. Jan 12 - 16 Sean Connors Sean Connors Third Coast Percussion Sean Connors is an Ensemble Member and Technical Director of Third Coast Percussion. He has performed with Amphion Percussion, the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, eighth blackbird, the International Contemporary Ensemble, Signal, and Metropolis Ensemble, and he was the percussionist for 2 summers with the prestigious Aspen Music Festival Contemporary Ensemble. As an educator, Sean served for 2 years as assistant professor of percussion at the University of Wisconsin - Stevens Point, and taught elementary school and middle school music in the Chicago suburbs. Sean holds a Bachelor of Music degree from the Eastman School of Music, a Master of Music degree from Northwestern University and is currently pursuing a Doctor of Music degree from the Eastman School of Music. Percussion, Third Coast Percussion. Jan 12 - 16 Jlin Jlin Jlin (Jerrilynn Patton) has quickly become one of the most distinctive composers in America and one of the most influential women in electronic music. Jlin’s thrilling, emotional, and multidimensional compositions have earned her praise as “one of the most forward-thinking contemporary composers in any genre” (Pitchfork). She is a recipient of a 2023 US Artist award and a 2023 Pulitzer Prize nomination. Her mini-album Perspective was released to critical acclaim on Planet Mu 2023. Her much-lauded albums Dark Energy (2015) and Black Origami (2017) have appeared on “Best of” lists in The NY Times, The Wire, LA Times, Rolling Stone, The Guardian, and Vogue. Jlin has been commissioned by the Kronos Quartet, Third Coast Percussion, the Pathos Quartet, choreographers Wayne McGregor and Kyle Abraham, fashion designer Rick Owens and the visual artists Nick Cave and Kevin Beasley. Her latest release Akoma (Planet Mu: March 2024) features collaborations with Philip Glass, Bjork and Kronos Quartet. Headshot, credit Lawrence Agyei Composer, Electronics. Jan 12 - 16 What's Included Meal Plan Read more Close Using a credit-based system to dine on campus, our flexible meal plans allow you to select meals according to your own needs during your stay. Banff Centre can respond to most dietary requests. The light meal plan is equivalent to $53 credit per day, equivalent to two meals at our Buffet service. Accommodation Read more Close Your program fee includes a single bedroom on the Banff Centre campus for the duration of your program. Get connected with other artists on campus and focus on your projects in a creative environment while we take care of the day-to-day essentials. Studio Space Read more Close Create in the privacy of one of our specialized studios . Performance Opportunities Read more Close This program offers opportunities to showcase your work in one of our performance venues or in the community. Group Seminars/Workshops Read more Close Group seminars and workshops with faculty. Recording Opportunities Read more Close A limited number of studio recording possibilities will be offered by the Audio Recording Engineer CWT (Creative Workforce Training) program for Jazz & Sonic Arts participants. Paul D. Fleck Library and Archives Read more Close The Paul D. Fleck Library and Archives are delighted to support Banff Centre Participants, Artists, and Faculty Campus Facilities Read more Close Participant Resources : Enrich your experience and get to know other artists on campus by taking advantage of the activities and support provided. Sally Borden Fitness and Recreation Centre : Your program fee includes free access to the swimming pool, climbing gym and fitness suite as well as discounted rates for classes. Box Office Discounts : Enjoy special artist rates or complimentary access for ticketed performances. Fees & Financial Assistance Total fee per person (Tuition, Accommodation and Meal Plan) $7 896.00 Scholarship Amount Applied* $6 342.00 You pay (accommodation & meal plan costs after scholarship applied) $1 554.00 Application Fee $65 for individuals or groups, $35 for applicants who identify as Indigenous. The application fee is non-refundable. 100% of this fee goes towards the cost of administering the application in SlideRoom. Scholarships We are pleased to offer scholarships to support participants in our program. Below are details regarding the scholarship amount and how they are applied. Standard scholarship: covers 100% of tuition fees, and 50% of meals and accommodation costs Canadian Indigenous scholarship: covers 100% of tuition fees, meals, and accommodation costs To receive the standard scholarship, please complete the Financial Aid section when uploading your supporting materials. For additional support to help fund your experience at Banff Centre, view a compiled list of national and international opportunities here . Cancellations Information on our cancellation policy can be found here . Tax Information Banff Centre will issue official tax receipts for eligible tuition fees and financial assistance and awards as required by the Income Tax Act. You will receive a T2202 (Tuition and Enrolment Certificate) for eligible tuition fees paid and a T4A (Statement of Pension, Retirement, Annuity, and Other Income) for applicable financial assistance and awards. How to Apply Learn more about the steps to Complete Your Application. Step 1: Complete the Online Form Step 2: Pay your application fee Please login with the username and password emailed to you on completion of step 1. Step 3: Upload Your Materials Resume A one-page resume or C.V. describing academic, professional, and other relevant experience. Cover Letter A one-page cover letter explaining why you are interested in this program and what you hope to achieve by attending it. Project Proposal Provide a 500-word description of your proposed project, including the theme, an outline of materials and facilities that may be required, and a breakdown of timelines. These summaries will be used as a narrative for administrative and public use. Resource Request Forms Outline all studio, equipment, software, facility, or staff support required for your project. Final resource allocation is at the discretion of the department. This form can be found in the SlideRoom portion of the application (Step 3 of the application process) Portfolio Performers: Up to three samples of your work on audio or video support, for a total maximum duration of approximately 10 minutes. You should aim to demonstrate the full scope of your capability by selecting contrasting works. Pre-formed ensembles must submit group recordings. Composers: Scores of two of your compositions and, if possible, a recording of these works. Indicate performance history if applicable. Compositions submitted should have been completed no more than five years prior to the application deadline. Music researchers: Two to three essays/papers whose topics are closely related to your residency project at Banff Centre. If published, it is recommended to indicate the date of the essay/paper's publication as well as the periodical(s) it is published in. Artistic Associate Statement Please explain why you are interested in taking on the additional responsibilities associated with this role. How does your experience meet the criteria of the Artistic Associate position, and how would it benefit your career? Financial Assistance Be sure to complete the Financial Aid question in SlideRoom to be eligible for the financial assistance. Group Applications The lead applicant should complete: Step 1: One application form Step 2: Pay the $65 processing fee on behalf of the group Step 3: One SlideRoom application Note: An additional $35 registration fee will be added for each member upon acceptance to the program. Adjudication Participants are chosen by an adjudication panel comprising of internal and external assessors. The selection criteria include: Quality, originality and artistic merit. Required skills and experience. The potential for the applicant's work to benefit from the program. Banff Centre’s ability to support the project. Our programs are highly competitive with a limited number of places available. Applicants will be notified of their selection status as soon as the adjudication process is complete. Due to the high volume of applications individual feedback will not be provided. Disclaimer All programs, faculty, dates, fees, and offers of financial assistance are subject to change. Program fee is subject to applicable taxes. Non-refundable fees and deposits will be retained upon cancellation. Any other fees are refunded at the discretion of the Banff Centre. The application deadline is 11:59 p.m. Mountain Standard Time. Contact Admissions For questions on preparing your application, please contact Admissions: Email Admissions@banffcentre.ca Toll Free Number (Canada + USA) 1.800.565.9989 Phone 403.762.6180 Application Deadline July 09, 2025 Program Dates Jan 12, 2026 - Jan 30, 2026 Arrive Jan 11, 2026 Depart Jan 31, 2026 Apply Now Tags: Music Music Residency Self-Directed Banff Musicians in Residence Essential Links Admissions Information Funding Opportunities Music Programs Student Portal Log-In Contact Us Residency Program Dates January 05, 2026 - January 30, 2026 Audio Engineer: BMiR 2026 Participants will support both studio and live recordings, gaining meaningful experience and adding to their professional portfolio and network. Application Deadline July 09, 2025 View Program Residency Program Dates February 02, 2026 - February 28, 2026 Toga da wôhnagabi: Music Creation Residency 2026 “Toga da wôhnagabi” (Stories for the future) provides songwriters a transformative space to actively listen and learn from each other in story and song. Application Deadline August 20, 2025 View Program Phone (Main Switchboard) 403.762.6100 Address 107 Tunnel Mountain Drive PO Box 1020 Banff, Alberta Canada T1L 1H5 Find us on Google Maps Footer about banff centre about us history mission/vision strategic plan president's message en français banff centre operations maps & directions admissions office participant resources student portal work with us contact us banff centre communications subscribe to newsletters news & stories media room publications banff centre small print policies & procedures digital privacy statement terms of use Banff Centre is supported by CCA_RGB_black_e Follow Us Donate We recognize, with deep respect and gratitude, our home on the side of Sacred Buffalo Guardian Mountain. In the spirit of respect and truth, we honour and acknowledge the Banff area, known as “Minihrpa” (translated in Stoney Nakoda as “the waterfalls”) and the Treaty 7 territory and oral practices of the Îyârhe Nakoda (Stoney Nakoda) – comprised of the Bearspaw, Chiniki, and Goodstoney Nations – as well as the Tsuut’ina First Nation and the Blackfoot Confederacy comprised of the Siksika, Piikani, and Kainai. We acknowledge that this territory is home to the Shuswap Nations, Ktunaxa Nations, and Metis Nation of Alberta, Rockyview District 4. We acknowledge all Nations who live, work, and play here, help us steward this land, and honour and celebrate this place.