Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award 2025 | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Competitions & Awards Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award 2025 Call details Call details Hybrid mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: France Read this call in: French Awarded every two years, the Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award (formerly known as HCB Award) supports a photographer in the realisation or pursuit of an ambitious project. The Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award is aimed at established photographers, who already have a strong documentary-inspired body of work. The Fondation d’entreprise Hermès is the patron of the Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award. The 2025 recipient agrees to exhibit his/her project in 2027 at the Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson and supervise the making of the publication. He/she also agrees to complete his/her project before October 2026. The Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award is open to photographers of all nationalities and all ages who have already completed a significant documentary-based body of work. Applicants should be in a position to demonstrate several personal exhibitions and publications (monographs and/or catalogues). Applicants are required to be sponsored by a photography professional (critic, curator, head of institution, gallery owner, publisher, academic). The recipient of the Henri Cartier-Bresson Creation Award receives an allocation of 35,000 EUR , to be used for both an exhibition at the Fondation Henri Cartier-Bresson and a publication. The endowment is for the artist to be used any way he or she might need during the development of the project (thus, the endowment can be used to cover travel expenses). If the artist lives outside of Paris at the time of the exhibition at the Fondation, the Fondation will cover travel and accommodation expenses for the artist to be present during the installation and opening. Deadline: 31 July 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: More opportunities with online and hybrid mobility Mobility Funding Guide to France Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap