CIMAM: Travel Grants to attend 2025 CIMAM Annual Conference (Italy) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Meetings & Collaboration The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. CIMAM: Travel Grants to attend 2025 CIMAM Annual Conference (Italy) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Curators, Producers & Managers Cultural Heritage , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Italy CIMAM (International Committee for Museums and Collections of Modern Art) opens the International Call for Travel Grant Applications for its 2025 Annual Conference, to be held in Turin, Italy, from 28 to 30 November 2025. Titled ‘Enduring Game: Expanding New Models of Museum Making’, with the guiding mantra Of Necessity Virtue, this year CIMAM’s conference invites museum professionals to come together in a spirit of critical inquiry and collective imagination to explore the evolving role of contemporary art institutions in an increasingly complex global context. The CIMAM Travel Grant Programme aims to enhance the curatorial and research development of directors, curators, and museum professionals dedicated to modern and contemporary art, who reside in countries with emerging and developing economies. The programme promotes their representation, visibility, and participation in the international museum community, in line with CIMAM’s commitment to fostering equity, inclusion, and knowledge exchange. Eligibility Criteria Open to directors and curators of modern and contemporary art museums, as well as researchers and independent curators specialising in contemporary art theory, who need financial support to attend CIMAM’s Annual Conference. Candidates must reside in countries with emerging and developing economies Some funders specify regional focus Applicants should not be involved in any kind of commercial or for-profit activity. Selected grantees will receive: Full conference registration and access to all sessions, visits, and events. Travel expenses (economy class round-trip and train ticket). Accommodation for four nights in Turin. CIMAM membership for 2026–28. Additional benefits for Getty Foundation grantees, including an extended stay and exclusive visits. Deadline: 16 June 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap