steirischer herbst: Werner Fenz Fellowship for Art in Public Space 2026 (Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work / Fellowships steirischer herbst: Werner Fenz Fellowship for Art in Public Space 2026 (Austria) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Austria Read this call in: German In honour of the achievements of art historian and curator Werner Fenz (1944-2016), the City of Graz’s Department of Cultural Affairs established a biennial grant for art in public space in 2020. Starting in 2023, it will be awarded jointly by the steirischer herbst festival for contemporary art and the city of Graz and is aimed at national and international projects that deal with the cultural and political context of the city of Graz. The aim of the Werner Fenz Fellowship is to promote an art form that provides decisive impetus for the development of public space and for social change. This means an art form that ‘claims social responsibility’ (Werner Fenz) and seeks dialogue with citizens. The tender is international. The winning project will be presented publicly in spring 2026 and realised as part of the steirischer herbst 2026. The Werner Fenz Scholarship for Art in Public Space is endowed with 17,000 EUR, of which 12,000 EUR is available for the realisation of an artistic work in public space and 5,000 EUR is available as a fee. The production will be directed by steirischer herbst, thus drawing on the festival’s resources and long-standing experience with artworks in public spaces. On-site research and accommodation for the artist/collective during the production period in Graz will be covered as part of the grant. Deadline: 12 August 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Site-responsive Work Urban Space Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap