Ceramic Residency Program | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity ceramic residency program Pittsburgh Center for Arts and Media Deadline: Jun. 11, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 11, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: 1047 Shady Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA, United States Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: No Artistic fields: Design Sculpture Visual Arts Overview Pittsburgh Center for Arts and Media offers one 8-9 month artist residency in ceramics per program year. This opportunity runs from fall (Sept/October) thru spring (April/May). Our intention with the Ceramic Artist-in-Residence program is to continue to expose our immediate ceramic community (both internal and the greater Pittsburgh area) to fresh new perspectives in technique and discipline within the ceramic arts, in turn also helping to create greater visibility for the participating artist. Our program is intended to foster greater community engagement between the resident and other interested parties. Ideally our program is best suited for the emerging ceramic artist that is in need of studio space, equipment use and community for support. Our residency places priority on supporting emerging artists from historically underrepresented groups in the ceramic community. Through our program the resident will learn valuable skills related to managing/coordinating a fast paced community studio that the resident can use to help secure other opportunities after they complete our residency. Residents are required to work 10-15 hours per week on studio maintenance, present one exhibition and artist talk in January for members and the public, and be an active member of our studio community. Residents should plan to complete one studio improvement project based on their interest and skills. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Selection Date Report post I'm concerned about this post Ceramic Residency Program Pittsburgh Center for Arts and Media Ceramic Residency Program Pittsburgh Center for Arts and Media Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect