FUKT #23 – The Sound Issue | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity fukt #23 – the sound issue FUKT Magazine Deadline: Jun. 20, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 20, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Drawing Interdisciplinary Sound Art Visual Arts Overview FUKT Magazine for Drawing invites submissions for our upcoming edition: FUKT #23 – The Sound Issue How can drawing capture sound? What does rhythm look like on paper? How do we draw silence, noise, music, memory, or voice? In this issue, we look into the deep and curious relationship between drawing and sound. We welcome work that listens, responds, vibrates, hums, remembers, and echoes, whether through abstract expression, narrative, typography, scores, emotion, or memory. Think of drawings that emerge from music or field recordings, the visual rhythm of a voice or a beat, the texture of silence, personal soundtracks, mixtapes, radios, the physical traces of sound and memory or the inner sound of a place, a person, a thought. Whether your work is quiet or loud, graphic or gestural, raw or refined, we want to hear it through your lines. If you’ve been working on a series, project, or body of work where drawing connects with sound in some way - and you feel your work resonates with this theme, we would love to see it. We're interested in different interpretations and unexpected perspectives. Surprise us! Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post FUKT #23 – The Sound Issue FUKT Magazine FUKT #23 – The Sound Issue FUKT Magazine Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect