Venice Artist Residency - Scuola Internazionale di Grafica, Venezia Skip to content en it Arts Venice Art Workshops for School Trips and Groups Art Courses and Workshops in Venice Art Residencies Venice Artist Residency Book a Virtual Visit of the Scuola Apply for a Residency Visiting Artists since 1969 Resident Artists since 2012 Fellowships Apply for a Full Fellowship Apply for a Partial Fellowship Exhibition Space in Venice Sustainable Printmaking Study Abroad in Venice Erasmus Erasmus plus for teachers and staff Experience the Printing Revolution – KA1 Erasmus plus one to one Erasmus plus independent mobility ERASMUS + Internship for Students Apply for ERASMUS + for students The Scuola The Scuola Affiliatons and Collaborative Projects Visiting Artists since 1969 Getting to the Scuola Book a Virtual Visit of the Scuola Accessibility Contacts Information SHOP SG gallery Blog Arts Venice Art Workshops for School Trips and Groups Art Courses and Workshops in Venice Art Residencies Venice Artist Residency Book a Virtual Visit of the Scuola Apply for a Residency Visiting Artists since 1969 Resident Artists since 2012 Fellowships Apply for a Full Fellowship Apply for a Partial Fellowship Exhibition Space in Venice Sustainable Printmaking Study Abroad in Venice Erasmus Erasmus plus for teachers and staff Experience the Printing Revolution – KA1 Erasmus plus one to one Erasmus plus independent mobility ERASMUS + Internship for Students Apply for ERASMUS + for students The Scuola The Scuola Affiliatons and Collaborative Projects Visiting Artists since 1969 Getting to the Scuola Book a Virtual Visit of the Scuola Accessibility Contacts Information SHOP SG gallery Blog en it Search The Scuola Internazionale di Grafica Information Getting to the Scuola Arts Visiting Artists since 1969 Exhibition Space in Venice Sustainable Printmaking Study Abroad in Venice Venice Artist Residency Art Courses and Workshops in Venice Venice Art Workshops for School Trips and Groups Erasmus Erasmus plus independent mobility Erasmus plus one to one Experience the Printing Revolution ERASMUS Plus for Students SHOP Blog SG Gallery Contacts Accessibility Design Facebook Instagram Linkedin Arts Facebook Instagram Vimeo In Venice, since 1969 Venice Artist Residency Since 1969, the Scuola Internazionale di Grafica offers Artist Residency Programs i n Venice, Italy, to professional and practising artists. Our Studio Residencies are open to projects based on Printmaking and the Artists’ Book , as well as different mediums . Among the international artists who have worked, lectured, taught and exhibited at the Scuola, are Stanley Hayter , Henri Goetz , Michael Mazur , Hughie O’Donoghue , Jack Boul , Yvonne Boag , Stephen Chambers , Jorg Schmeisser , Clare Romano and many others. Venice Artist Residency Independent Residencies A Residency at the Scuola Internazionale di Grafica offers the unique opportunity to experience Venice as an independent artist integrated into the Scuola’s vibrant creative community. Artists will be able to access the Scuola’s fully equipped laboratories seven days a week, including the holidays. The residency fees include participation in all of the Scuola’s scheduled communal activities , such as intensive workshops, critiques, seminars, and exhibitions. Apply now for a residency book a virtual visit of the Scuola Venice Artist Residency Guided Residencies This program, designed for individual artists or small groups of up to three participants, offers the opportunity to develop a personal project in collaboration with master printer Roberta Feoli , an expert in contemporary and sustainable printmaking. Each session is tailored around the participant’s ideas , providing individual tuition , technical guidance, and critical feedback to support the development of new work. From printmaking and artist’s books to installations , every stage of the creative process is approached together, selecting the most effective methods and materials to bring each artist’s vision to life. Venice Artist Residency Guided Residencies The one-week residency includes five days of guided work followed by two days of independent studio time to complete and reflect on the project. In the two-week program , the first week follows the same guided structure, while the second is dedicated entirely to independent work —allowing the artist to continue their original project or begin a new one with full access to the studio. Rooted in focused research, production, and experimentation , this immersive experience takes place in the heart of Venice , where the city’s light, textures, and history offer an ongoing source of inspiration. It is a unique opportunity to expand technical skills, explore new directions, and engage deeply with the printmaking process in a professional and supportive environment . Guided Residencies Roberta Feoli Roberta Feoli is a printmaker and artist specializing in sustainable printmaking. With a degree in printmaking from the Academy of Fine Arts of Urbino→ she has cultivated a deep connection to the engraving tradition. Over a decade, she led the printmaking studio at the Scuola, managing the printshop and collaborating with artists of all levels. Now working as a freelance professional, Roberta combines her technical expertise with a deeply human-centered approach, offering her artistic vision and knowledge to support creative projects. A member of the People of Print→ community, she was a Guest Artist in 2018 for The Boston Printmakers→ and Mixit Print Studio→ . Her training at Zea Mays Printmaking→ further honed her skills in sustainable printmaking. Roberta conducts classes, workshops, and artist residencies, focusing on projects that integrate artistic research with sustainability, fostering innovation in the printmaking world. Apply now for a residency book a virtual visit of the Scuola Feedback from our Alumni I can't quite put into words how valuable my residency at the Scuola has been. 

I was excited to try printmaking and thought it might be exciting to experiment, but WOW! What a revelation! 

I had no idea that, with Alessia's generous and expert guidance, making prints would reveal a whole way for me to grow my work and discover new ways of creating. I have no doubt that when I return to my New York studio, my transformative experience at the Scuola will also open up new directions in my practice. It was exactly the refresh that my work needed!

I am so grateful to Lorenzo, Matilde, Alessia, and Kate for providing me with this opportunity, not least because I now feel that in addition to new ways of working, I have a new community of friends in Venice 🙂

Alla prossima! Jane South Chair, Fine Arts, Pratt Institute (NY - USA) “The Scuola is a well-established institution offering a congenial atmosphere to develop one’s artistic practice. Developed and managed by Venetian artists, the Scuola is a unique artist residency in the center of Venice and, in my opinion, the best in the city. The facilities are well maintained and the atmosphere is friendly and supportive. Among the residencies that I have attended around the world, I would consider the Scuola to be one of the best. I plan to return and to recommend the Scuola to my colleagues." Anne Bush University of Hawaii (USA) ““I had a wonderful and very productive time. I had the freedom to follow my own path without intrusion or expectation. Any support i required or needed was available at any time. The print studio had the warmth of a space where printmaking is cherished, respected and loved. The fellow resident artist’s added to the experience with great camaraderie, care and fun.” Jeoffrey Ricardo Australia “My time at the Scuola was excellent! I felt welcomed by all the people at the Scuola, from the directors to the other resident artists…everyone was very generous and enjoyed each others company. I made a lot of friends and enjoyed minute there. It really helps to come prepared and with a strong idea of what you want to make or want to learn. The facilities there are very good and one can make most any type of print. The location of the Scuola is perfectly situated in one of the best spots in Venice. I can’t wait to go back!” Christopher Ganz Purdue University, Fort Wayne (USA) “Very difficult to pinpoint ‘the most memorable part’ of my residency at the Scuola for it was all truly memorable. My four weeks there were fantastic! I was delighted in being assisted to discover new ways of making prints and extend my art practice. The crowning glory was to see the powerful work of Maria Lai in the Scuola’s gallery (as part of the Biennale), in the days before I returned home to Australia. .” Dr. Annette Iggulden Deakin University (Australia) “I had been to Venice five times before. Then I decided to print directly at the ScuoIa and was so very happy to find such a good studio especially with very friendly people. I appreciated the very well endowed workshop and Mathilde’s knowledge of every printing technique. My favorite was the old print stamper from 1870.” Katrin Magens Germany “I loved being part of the skilled, artistic personnel of the Scuola in the most inspirational environment of the world – Venezia! My residency consisted of three calligraphic parts; teaching uncials, having an exhibition and my own art project ‘Go with Letters’ which offers the Venezia visitors a peek into the role of calligraphy in the visual culture of the city.” Vuokko Koho Finland “The Scuola has a leader, and a staff, with a passion and vision for the print, for the shared ideas of the artists who come to participate. As a mature artist it can be difficult to step out of the daily habits of the home studio and find new territory, new inspiration, and mentorship. I found all of that in Venice at the Scuola, and much more. Friendship, dialogue, and the opportunity to experience Venice not as a tourist, but as a member of the artistic community.” Elizabeth Brinton USA “The residencies (Summer and Winter) have given me the opportunity to work alongside artists from all over the world in a location that has so much to offer. The connections I have made at the Scuola have changed the direction of my art for the better.” Cate McCammon USA “The Scuola is one of Venice’s hidden gems with its historic setting, excellent facilities and professional staff. It was quite memorable to be working and living in an area rich in heritage. The facilities were far superior to other residencies I have attended. The workshop was always kept in a professional and immaculate condition with a variety of equipment and materials readily available.” Greg Mallyon Australia Venice Artist Residency Supported Techniques At the Scuola’s Printmaking Studio, artists can work on 8 etching presses, a vertical press for woodcut, a typographic press for letterpress. We do not support Litography, Serigraphy, Photoetching as there is no exposure unit. Alternative methods are available for creating Aquatints using substitutes for the traditional Aquatint box and rosin. Oil and Encausting painting are not allowed in our studio. One of the distinguishing features of our studio is its commitment to providing a less toxic environment for artists. For those who may not be familiar with sustainable printmaking methods, we extend an invitation to attend our introduction courses . These courses are designed to familiarize artists with the techniques and practices necessary to work in our facilities while minimizing environmental impact. Venice Artist Residency Art Supplies & Materials These materials are available to everyone: etching grounds, soft ground, abrasive powders, detergents, bites (ferric chloride, copper sulphate),  black ink for etching and typography, proof paper and vellum paper. Other equipment is available only on a limited basis (glue, acrylics, permanent markers, masking tape, cutters, carborundum, tarlatan). Artists are required to provide their own materials, including brushes and pencils. Gloves, tarlatan, coloured inks, etching paper, copper, aluminium, wood and zinc can be purchased from the Studio or in local stores. Venice Artist Residency Presses & Machinery Hexagon Spoke Intaglio Press 130x65cm | Star Intaglio Press 143x73cm| Star Intaglio Press 125x74cm | 2 Bendini Intaglio Presses 100x50cm | Bendini Intaglio Press 150x70cm | Cast Iron Hexagon Spoke | Intaglio Press 115x62cm | Intaglio Press 100x50cm | 1870 Vertical Platen Press 100x70cm | Erasmus Sutter Lithography Press 80x30cm. Letterpress: Vandercook Proofing Press N. 4. Printing area: 36cmx48cm Copper Shear 67cm wide | LMM Electric Paper Cutter 70x72cm opening | Hot Plates (3) 50x27cm-69x49cm | Acid Baths (Slow/Fast Ferric Chloride + Slow/Fast Copper Sulphate) | Horsehide and Neoprene Brayers 19” diameter, 19.5” long | Various lead types | Various larger font blocks, some decorative. Venice Artist Residency Housing Accommodation Our resident artist may request accommodation in a private bedroom at Palazzo Dandolo on the Grand Canal. Artists who wish to request lodging from the Scuola should be aware that this is not a tourist rental. The apartment is in fact a private residency, where they will receive a private room, sharing everyday life with the owner of the house. If you are looking for an apartment to rent at convenient rates, additionally to the usual platforms, we suggest checking out Sabbatical Homes→ a service dedicated to temporary home rentals and exchanges for academics, writers, artists, and like-minded individuals. Apply now for a residency book a virtual visit of the Scuola Venice Artist Residency Exhibition Opportunities​ Artists interested in holding an exhibition in our SG Gallery or SG SquareSpace or at Palazzo Dandolo on the Grand Canal→ are welcome to indicate this option in their application form. If accepted, we will be happy to provide information about the exhibition space, costs, and arrangements. read more about these opportunities Venice Artist Residency Fellowships Each year the Scuola offers a full fellowship to one member of the Royal Society of Painter-Printmakers→ and one member of the Boston Printmakers→ The guild’s members who are not selected for the full fellowship may attend a paid Residency at a 10% discounted fee . read more RESIDENCY FEES Below you will find the fees for your Independent or Guided Residency Guided Residencies 1-WEEK € 1,250.00 2-WEEK €2,050.00 2-WEEK + housing accommodation €3,050.00 1 additional independent week € 590.00 1 additional independent week + housing €1,090.00 2 additional independent weeks € 1,125.00 2 additional independent weeks + housing €2,125.00 3 additional independent weeks € 1,595.00 4 additional independent weeks € 2,000.00 Independent Residencies 1-WEEK € 625.00 2-WEEK €1,185.00 2-WEEK + housing accommodation €2,185.00 3-WEEK € 1,685,00 3-WEEK + housing accommodation €3,185.00 4-WEEK € 2,125.00 4-WEEK + housing accommodation €4,125.00 5-WEEK € 2,500.00 6-WEEK € 2,815.00 7-WEEK € 3,280.00 8-WEEK € 3,750.00 9-WEEK € 3,900.00 10-WEEK € 4,350.00 11-WEEK € 4,800.00 12-WEEK € 5,200.00 SG Gallery + BLOG May / 2025 SG Gallery Performance Print May / 2025 SG Gallery Memory In Motion: Architecture of Perseverance March / 2025 SG Gallery Chie Iwakiri October / 2024 SG Gallery Inked Travels – The Erasmus Experience September / 2024 SG Gallery New Hampshire Glass Flowers September / 2024 SG Gallery 2024 Guest Artists Exhibition June / 2024 SG Gallery Premio Leonardo Sciascia amateur d’estampes April / 2024 Blog Incontro con Pedro Cano April / 2024 SG Gallery 10th International Artist’s Book Triennial Vilnius 2024 March / 2024 SG Gallery Caterina Codato Facebook Instagram Vimeo © 1969-2025 Copyright – Scuola Internazionale di Grafica, Venezia Privacy Policy Cookie Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences Technical storage or access is required for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not required by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. Technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance by your Internet Service Provider, or further registration by a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used for identification. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage options Manage services Manage {vendor_count} vendors Read more about these purposes Accept Deny View preferences Save preferences View preferences {title} {title} {title} Cookie Policy