Musician Grants | Augment Music Project | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity musician grants | augment music project Telluride Arts District Deadline: Apr. 25, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Apr. 25, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Grant / Stipend Fees: No Artistic fields: Sound Art Overview Founded in 2020, Augment Music Project , a fiscal sponsee of Telluride Arts , is dedicated to supporting the local music scene in the Telluride area. They believe that the vibrancy of Telluride's music scene extends beyond the major festivals and includes a very talented group of musicians who call this area home. Since 2023, Augment Music Project has been actively involved in Telluride Arts’ annual grant program, providing the funding and grant committee for the music category. The review and selection process aligns with the broader goals of the grant program, with a strong emphasis on the community impact of each application. To date, Augment Music Project has awarded grants to 12 musicians/ensembles within the Telluride region. These funds have helped recipients advance their careers in various ways, including studio time, equipment purchases, and music video production. Augment Grant applicants are limited to one submission per grant cycle. Multiple applications for the same musician will not be considered, excepting applications submitted by another musician on behalf of an ensemble or collaborative project which a solo applicant is also a member of. RECOMMENDATIONS Write your application narrative in a word or google doc, prior to entry into the online form. Save your work as you go. | The platform times out periodically and does not autosave. Confirm the functionality of and accessibility to all work samples and resumes, prior to submission. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post Musician Grants | Augment Music Project Telluride Arts District Musician Grants | Augment Music Project Telluride Arts District Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect