Open Call for Digital Art Commissions | Contemporary And search for something search GO TO C& AMÉRICA LATINA EN FR MEMBERSHIP EN FR Editorial All Editorial Features Installation Views Inside the Library Interviews News Opinions Events All Events Art Fairs Conferences Exhibitions Festivals Performances Screenings Talks / Workshops C& Projects C& Artists’ Editions C& Commissions C& Center of Unfinished Business Show me your shelves! C& Education Mentoring Program Critical Writing Workshops Lectures / Seminars Membership Opportunities Publications C& Audio Archive On Tour Places Explore IN CONVERSATION INSTALLATION VIEW WE GOT ISSUES DETOX LABORATORY OF SOLIDARITY CONSCIOUS CODES CURRICULUM OF CONNECTIONS LOVE ACTUALLY OVER THE RADAR BLACK CULTURES MATTER INSIDE THE LIBRARY LOOKING BACK Follow About Contact Newsletter Advertise Imprint Data protection Accessibility Membership Contemporary And (C&) is funded by: Editorial All Editorial Features Installation Views Inside the Library Interviews News Opinions Events All Events Art Fairs Conferences Exhibitions Festivals Performances Screenings Talks / Workshops C& Projects C& Artists’ Editions C& Commissions C& Center of Unfinished Business Show me your shelves! C& Education Mentoring Program Critical Writing Workshops Lectures / Seminars Membership Opportunities Publications C& Audio Archive On Tour Places Explore IN CONVERSATION INSTALLATION VIEW WE GOT ISSUES DETOX LABORATORY OF SOLIDARITY CONSCIOUS CODES CURRICULUM OF CONNECTIONS LOVE ACTUALLY OVER THE RADAR BLACK CULTURES MATTER INSIDE THE LIBRARY LOOKING BACK GO TO C& AMÉRICA LATINA About Contact Newsletter Advertise Imprint Data protection Accessibility Membership Call for applications Open Call for Digital Art Commissions Pérez Art Museum Miami, South Florida, Latin America, the Caribbean, and African Diaspora Deadline: 30 June 2025 Courtesy of Pérez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) Pérez Art Museum Miami (PAMM) announces the inaugural open call for digital art commissions from the crossroads of the Americas. The program offers financial support to produce experimental digital artworks across South Florida, Latin America, the Caribbean, and African Diaspora. Selected artists may receive awards ranging from $1,000–$15,000 during an estimated 12-month period. Applicants can submit proposals for original projects in any phase of production, including pre- to post-production. Successful digital art proposals will use the internet and digital processes to conceptually and practically shape their projects, including many disciplines spanning video art, film, augmented reality, net art, 3-D sculpture, video games, virtual reality, generative art, as well as forms yet to be discovered. By fostering the creation of innovative digital artworks that reflect PAMM’s unique position at the crossroads of the Americas, the museum advances its mission to lead in the presentation, study, and interpretation of international contemporary digital art. The open call for digital art commissions launches on April 30, 2025. The application deadline is June 30, 2025, at 11:59pm Pacific Standard Time . Applicant Eligibility PAMM’s open call for digital art commissions is open to individuals and collectives located anywhere in the world. The museum accepts applications from artists who are: 18+ years old. Able to provide a W9, W8, or W-8 BEN for payment. With or without a traditional arts degree and/or training. From, based in, or working on new digital art projects that engage with South Florida, Latin America, the Caribbean, and the African Diaspora. Evaluation Criteria PAMM staff and an independent jury of industry experts will review all applications. The final selection will be made by the museum director and PAMM staff. PAMM has sole discretion as to the number of proposals that will be accepted and supported through the commission program. PAMM will use the following criteria to select the projects: Does the artwork innovate the genre and/or medium? Does the artwork generate dialogue that reflects PAMM’s vision to function as a town hall for our community? Does the artwork connect to PAMM’s regional focus for leading the presentation of art from South Florida, Latin America, the Caribbean, and the African Diaspora? Is the artist uniquely qualified to make this project?Has the artist successfully completed past work that enables them to realize this proposal? How to Apply To apply for PAMM’s 2025 open call for digital art commissions, please follow the guidelines below. Proposals must be submitted electronically via the application portal link between Wednesday, April 30 and Monday, June 30, 2025, at 11:59pm Pacific Standard Time. Please note that the portal requires an email address to create an account and submit applications. There is no fee for PAMM’s open call for digital art commissions. Applicants will need to prepare the following materials: Full Name (Please include your first and last name) E-mail (Please list your primary e-mail address) Location (Please provide your current address) Project Title (In up to 10 words please list the title of your proposed project) What Stage of Production is the Project In? (Select from pre-production, production, testing, post-production) Short Description of Work (up to 300 words) In up to 300 words, describe your best idea for a digital artwork. What are the core concepts and goals for the project? What form will the artwork take? Who is the intended audience? What process and materials will you use? In what ways does the work experiment with or push the boundaries of digital art—whether in terms of genre, medium, or technology? Previous Experience (up to 200 words) Why are you the right person to carry out this project? Highlight relevant experience that demonstrates your ability to successfully produce work of this scope, including past projects, collaborations, or leadership roles in creative production. Please also describe how you or the project connect to South Florida, Latin America, the Caribbean, or the African Diaspora. Request Amount (Select an amount between $1,000–$15,000 U.S.dollars. Award of funds and selection are not guaranteed.) Project Budget Please upload a one-page budget (in U.S. dollars). If your figures originate in another currency, provide a conversion to U.S. dollars. Outline the support you are requesting, including expenses such as artist fees, production, equipment, software, collaborators, and any other key costs. Please also list any other sources of funding for this project, including in-kind support. Does the Project Involve Other Parties? (Please briefly describe your role(s) on the project, and list principal collaborators, partners, and funding sources, if any. If you are applying with the support of a collective, please identify the other members of your collective here.) Work Samples (up to four images or videos) Submit up to four work samples from past projects and/or work-in-progress material related to your proposal. You must be the primary creator of each work. For each sample, you will be prompted to include the title, medium, description of your role, and date completed. For interactive digital work, provide a screen recording or screenshot rather than a project file. For video samples: Limit each sample to five minutes. If submitting an excerpt from a longer video, specify clear timecodes (e.g., Start at 00:10:05 and end at 00:15:05). If you share a streamable link (e.g., Vimeo, YouTube, Google Drive), please include any required password. please note, the opening seconds of your sample are critical. Avoid lengthy introductions or slow builds—engage viewers immediately. Reviewers are watching many submissions; use a strong opening to hold their attention throughout. Timeline April 30, 2025 Call for submissions opens. June 30, 2025 Call for submissions closes (11:59pm PST). Applications reviewed to ensure completion. July 2025 Round 1 jury review August 2025 Round 2 jury review September 2025 Round 3 jury review September 2025 – 2026 Grant commissioning period, including an intake meeting and quarterly project progress meetings. August 2026 Awarded projects to deliver rough cut or beta files. October 2026 Awarded project completion and delivery. pamm.org LATEST ARTICLES News Paula Nascimento and Angela Harutyunyan Announced as Curators of Sharjah Biennial 17 Art in Crisis Sudan Art Archive Aims to Reclaim a Canon from Afar News Fundação Bienal de São Paulo Announces List of Participants for its 36th Edition Artist Portrait Samson Mnisi: A Master Posthumously Receives His Due News Emmanuel Aggrey Tieku Wins 2025 Ellipse Prize Focused on Ghana’s Emerging Art Scene MOST READ Art in Crisis Sudan Art Archive Aims to Reclaim a Canon from Afar News Paula Nascimento and Angela Harutyunyan Announced as Curators of Sharjah Biennial 17 Exhibition Histories Magiciens de la Terre Events View all Exhibition The Alchemy of Colour – Group Show The Melrose Gallery Johannesburg, South Africa 10 Jun 2025 - 18 Aug 2025 Exhibition Ojooluwatide Ojo: In the Quiet of Repair Wunika Mukan Gallery Lagos, Nigeria 07 Jun 2025 - 30 Jun 2025 Exhibition Ever So Present II: Between Home and Elsewhere – Group Show Park & 75 New York, United States 25 Jun 2025 - 08 Aug 2025 Exhibition To Improvise A Mountain: Lynette Yiadom-Boakye Curates – Group Show Leeds Art Gallery Leeds, United Kingdom 16 May 2025 - 05 Oct 2025 Art Fairs Africa Basel Contemporary African Art Fair Ackermannshof Basel, Switzerland 18 Jun 2025 - 22 Jun 2025 Exhibition Cour intérieure – Group Show Cécile Fakhoury Gallery Dakar, Senegal 24 May 2025 - 28 Jun 2025 Exhibition M’barek Bouhchichi: Who I am, What We Are L’Atelier 21 Casablanca, Morocco 27 May 2025 - 05 Jul 2025 Exhibition Other Territories | Autres Territoires – Group Show BAND Gallery x Canadian Cultural Centre Paris, France 07 Jun 2025 - 19 Sep 2025 Events Call for applications PARA Fellowship Programme Sharjah Art Foundation Sharjah, Online, United Arab Emirates Exhibition Amna Elhassan: resonance of absence basis e. v. Frankfurt am Main, Germany 23 May 2025 - 03 Aug 2025 Exhibition Lebohang Kganye: The Work of Shadows La Patinoire Royale Bach Brussels, Belgium 23 Apr 2025 - 07 Jun 2025 Exhibition The Alchemy of Colour – Group Show The Melrose Gallery Johannesburg, South Africa 10 Jun 2025 - 18 Aug 2025 Exhibition Ojooluwatide Ojo: In the Quiet of Repair Wunika Mukan Gallery Lagos, Nigeria 07 Jun 2025 - 30 Jun 2025 Call for proposals Illuminate the night at the 8th edition of Spier Light Art 2026 Spier Light Art South Africa Exhibition Ever So Present II: Between Home and Elsewhere – Group Show Park & 75 New York, United States 25 Jun 2025 - 08 Aug 2025 Exhibition To Improvise A Mountain: Lynette Yiadom-Boakye Curates – Group Show Leeds Art Gallery Leeds, United Kingdom 16 May 2025 - 05 Oct 2025 Art Fairs Africa Basel Contemporary African Art Fair Ackermannshof Basel, Switzerland 18 Jun 2025 - 22 Jun 2025 Exhibition Cour intérieure – Group Show Cécile Fakhoury Gallery Dakar, Senegal 24 May 2025 - 28 Jun 2025 View all Contemporary And (C&) is a dynamic platform for reflecting and connecting ideas and discourses on contemporary visual arts. Subscribe newsletter About Contact Newsletter Advertise Imprint Data protection Accessibility Membership All content © 2025 Contemporary And. All Rights Reserved. Website by SHIFT