Art Competition - Submissions Open - Anthology Magazine Login / Register Subscribe Awards Short Story Poetry Photography Cover Art Travel Writing Flash Fiction Nature Writing Personal Memoir Stories Travel Arts Lifestyle Culture Interiors Shop Current Issue Subscribe Back Issues Back Issues Collection Stockists Directory Artists Interiors Hotels About About Anthology Contact Join our team Search 0 Anthology Creative Awards Arts Anthology Cover Art Competition First prize of €500 and the winning entry published in Anthology magazine. Entries are now invited by Anthology 07/12/2020 52.5K Submissions are now invited for the Anthology Cover Art Award.  Established to foster and support both established and emerging visual artists and provide a platform for publication, the competition is open to multiple genres including painting, printmaking, mixed media, photography and digital media. Works entered must not have appeared on the cover of another publication and not entered simultaneously in any other contest or competition. Works previously exhibited or published on the artist’s website on the interior pages of a book or magazine are accepted. Entries are invited from artists of all nationalities, living anywhere in the world. There is no limit to entries per person. Work will be accepted on any theme. It is not a requirement, but is advisable to refer to Anthology magazine or purchase a copy before submitting your work, so that work submitted is aligned with the aesthetic of Anthology . Subscriptions and single copies are available to purchase through our online shop . Prizes The winner will receive €500 and publication on the cover of – and editorial coverage in – a future issue of Anthology . Final Deadline: 31 October 2025 Standard fee – €18: – April – October 2025 How to enter Click below to access the entry form. Fill in your details, upload your entry and complete the payment before clicking ‘submit’. Please read the Terms and Conditions below for competition rules, technical specifications and rights information. Submit Your Artwork If you experience any difficulties submitting your entry, please don’t hesitate to reach out to us: admin@anthology-magazine.com. We’re here to assist you. Terms and Conditions Entries All artwork entered must be the original work of those submitting it. Only one image per entry is allowed. There is no limit to the number of entries per person. Each submission will require a separate entry form and is subject to a separate entry fee. The artist’s name should not appear on artwork as judging is anonymous. It is not compulsory but works produced within the last three years are preferred. Prize winners will be selected by a panel of independent judges and their decision is final. Once announced, all entrants will be notified of the result by email. Finalists will be notified by email or telephone. By submitting your entry and paying the registration fee, you agree to all of the terms and conditions listed here. In order to minimise administrative costs and maintain affordable fees, please note that entry fees are non-refundable. Prize money will be paid on publication of the winning artwork in Anthology . Technical Specifications There are no dimension restrictions but entrants should note that artwork may be cropped so that it fits the cover space (190 x 195mm). Past covers of Anthology can be viewed here . Artwork will be accepted in JPG , PNG or PDF form. Maximum file size is 4MB. Winners will be contacted for high resolution images. Rights All artists retain copyright of their work. All entrants agree to the storage of their images in electronic form for the purpose of judging the competition and the private distribution of those images as required to complete the judging process. The artist warrants that the rights (of any kind) to the image have not previously been sold or granted to any third party. The winner and finalists grant Anthology the right to use the images in electronic form or in print for the specific purpose of promoting Anthology and its Awards without restriction in any media. Anthology agrees that images will not be made available for download on any of its websites at high resolution and that all images used will be credited to the artists. Anthology will not be responsible for unauthorised use of any image by a third party. Electronic files sent as attachments will not be returned and Anthology accepts no responsibility for submissions in any other form. Prints or physical media sent as submissions will not be returned. Previous Art Competition winner s 2021 Winner: Forget the World , by Ágnes Keleman. 2022 Winner: Charis , by Eddy Greenwood 2023 Winner: En Una Terraza , by Javier Ortas The Anthology Cover Art Competition is listed with: Calendar for Artists | Dutch Art Box | Brisbane Art Guide | ArtDeadine.Com | Art Almanac | LightRocket | ArtsHub Australia | Oyaop.com | Duotrope | Study Work Grow | MoMa | CAP Arts Centre | Fine Art New Zealand | Film Freeway | Arizona Arts Commission | Florida Department of State | Regional Arts & Culture Council | North Carolina Arts Council | Call For Entries | Art Prizes List | Felstead Studios | Starving Artists | The Art List | Art Jobs | Art Opportunities | 0 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Whatsapp KEEP READING Frederic William Burton Boodles through the ages The Taking of Christ by Michelangelo Merisi da... Vision Art Festival in Crans-Montana Van Gogh’s world Harpists and artists Great works of art depicting pipe organs Frescoes of the Sistine Chapel Tirzah Garwood: A visionary artist and designer Dogs in art previous post Anthology Poetry Competition next post The art of sleep Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2024 Anthology Publishing. Designed and developed by Ros Woodham . Optimized by Lighthouse . Awards Short Story Poetry Photography Cover Art Travel Writing Flash Fiction Nature Writing Personal Memoir Stories Travel Arts Lifestyle Culture Interiors Shop Current Issue Subscribe Back Issues Back Issues Collection Stockists Directory Artists Interiors Hotels About About Anthology Contact Join our team Shopping Cart Close No products in the cart. Close