Emergency Grant — Adolph & Esther Gottlieb Foundation Home The Artist About the Artist Archives and Photos Selected Artist Statements Selected Writings Bibliography Rights & Reproductions Catalogue Raisonné Selected Artworks Paintings Prints Monotypes Sculptures Works on Paper Special Projects Exhibitions Upcoming & Current Exhibition History Exhibition Catalogs Selected Public Collections Grants About Our Grants Individual Support Grant Emergency Grant Grants FAQs 2025 Grant Recipients Artist Relief Resources Emergency Preparedness and Response News In Memory of Nancy Litwin Blog Archival Special Exhibitions Walkthrough Newsletter Sign-up Contact Menu Street Address City, State, Zip Phone Number Your Custom Text Here Home The Artist About the Artist Archives and Photos Selected Artist Statements Selected Writings Bibliography Rights & Reproductions Catalogue Raisonné Selected Artworks Paintings Prints Monotypes Sculptures Works on Paper Special Projects Exhibitions Upcoming & Current Exhibition History Exhibition Catalogs Selected Public Collections Grants About Our Grants Individual Support Grant Emergency Grant Grants FAQs 2025 Grant Recipients Artist Relief Resources Emergency Preparedness and Response News In Memory of Nancy Litwin Blog Archival Special Exhibitions Walkthrough Newsletter Sign-up Contact Adolph Gottlieb c. 1956 The Adolph & Esther Gottlieb Emergency Grant The Adolph and Esther Gottlieb Emergency Grant program is intended to provide interim financial assistance to qualified painters, printmakers, and sculptors whose needs are the result of an unforeseen, catastrophic incident, and who lack the resources to meet that situation. Each grant is given as one-time assistance for a specific emergency, examples of which are fire, flood, or emergency medical need. This program has no deadlines. The program does not consider requests for dental work, chronic situations, capital improvements, or projects of any kind; nor can it consider situations resulting from general indebtedness or lack of employment. The maximum amount of this grant is $15,000; an award of $5,000 is typical. Applicants should be aware that this is a grant program, and that each application is considered on its merits within the criteria of the program. While we attempt to provide assistance to as many applicants as we can, the filing of an application is not, nor should it be perceived as, a guarantee of funding. Eligibility To be eligible for this program, an artist must be able to demonstrate a minimum involvement of ten years in a mature phase of his or her work. Artists must work in the disciplines of painting, sculpture or printmaking. Each application will be reviewed by the directors, who will exercise their discretion in considering it, and will determine the amount of each award. Applicants should note there is a set amount appropriated for these grants each fiscal year; once this budgetary limit has been reached, the Foundation will not be able to judge any additional requests on their merits. Second-party requests are honored only when the applicant is physically unable to communicate with the Foundation. Review procedures for completed applications begin as soon as they are received. Full review generally takes about four weeks from the time an application is complete. Situations with imminent deadlines will receive priority. Statement on COVID-19 Aid While the Adolph and Esther Gottlieb Foundation remains steadfast in its long-held mission, the scope of the current crisis makes it necessary for us to focus on the kinds of difficulties we are able to manage through our Emergency Grant Program and to focus on those with which we have the most experience — illness, natural disasters, accidents, fires, and similar occurrences. While we recognize the economic toll of the Covid-19 crisis, we regrettably are not able to assist with funds to replace lost or interrupted income. The Emergency Grant Program and the Individual Support Program, will continue to function as they have for the past forty years to assist mature visual artists in painting, drawing, printmaking and sculpture. VIEW INSTRUCTIONS | CONTINUE TO APPLICATION VIEW EMERGENCY GRANTS FAQS Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates. ©Adolph & Esther Gottlieb Foundation, Inc. 2025. All Rights Reserved. All Art ©Adolph and Esther Gottlieb Foundation/Licensed by ARS, NY, NY You may not reproduce, distribute, display, or create derivative works of any of the text, images, or other content appearing on this website, nor may you use any of the trademarks, without express written permission from The Gottlieb Foundation. Click here to view our privacy policy. POWERED BY SQUARESPACE .