PRAXIS study programme 2025 - Announcements - e-flux Subscribe e-flux announcements are emailed press releases for art exhibitions from all over the world. Agenda delivers news from galleries, art spaces, and publications, while Criticism publishes reviews of exhibitions and books. Architecture announcements cover current architecture and design projects, symposia, exhibitions, and publications from all over the world. Film announcements are newsletters about screenings, film festivals, and exhibitions of moving image. Education announces academic employment opportunities, calls for applications, symposia, publications, exhibitions, and educational programs. Sign up to receive information about events organized by e-flux at e-flux Screening Room, Bar Laika, or elsewhere. e-flux Announcements Agenda & Criticism Architecture Film Education Events I have read e-flux’s privacy policy and agree that e-flux may send me announcements to the email address entered above and that my data will be processed for this purpose in accordance with e-flux’s privacy policy* Submit Thank you for your interest in e-flux . Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. e - flux Education PRAXIS study programme 2025 Subscribe e - flux Subscribe Announcements Criticism Notes Journal Architecture Film Education Books Index Projects Podcasts Shop Events Bar Laika e-flux App Contact About Directory Events Bar Laika e-flux App Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Privacy policy Read Bio Collapse Contact About Privacy policy Directory Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA More Less Category Education Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Related See more related e - flux Education Subscribe PRAXIS study programme 2025 fluent Calendar, Santander, 2024. © fluent_org. May 27, 2025 Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! PRAXIS study programme 2025 September 8–December 12, 2025 Application deadline: June 29, 12am fluent Calle Luis Hoyos Sainz, 2 Santander
                39001 Spain Hours: Wednesday –Friday 10am–1pm Wednesday –Friday 5–8pm hello@fluentfluent.org fluentfluent.org Applications are invited for PRAXIS 2025, the third edition of fluent’s educational apparatus, a structure for independent studies to take place from September 8 through December 12, 2025. Following the same in–person format, the programme will run during 14 weeks (180 contact hours), aiming to instigate a theoretical and practice–based learning process that dives into the systems that constitute our material and immaterial lifes. The programme is structured in four dimensions—or learning modules: I Module: Vital Dimension . II Module: the Dimension of Language and Identity . III Module: Structural Dimension . IV Module: Corporeal & Moving Dimension . And it will feature a faculty of guest professors including Anne Boyer, Yaiza Hernández, CAConrad, Manuel Segade,  Hypatia Vourloumis, Yayo Herrero, PRAXIS I & II, Julia Morandeira, Anna Colin, The Theresa Hak Kyung Cha Reading Group, Alejandro Alonso Díaz, Pol Esteve Castelló, Michael Marder, Itziar Okariz, Andrea Rodrigo, Billy Butheel and many others. The third edition of the programme continues an ongoing enquire on the making of forms—social, aesthetic, linguistic, political, performative—as a means to propitiate knowledge and justice, in this time of genocide, cruel devastation and an increasingly morally-wounded world. Tracing its genealogy from PRAXIS I & II, this enquire considers the material and immaterial conditions of such forms, as well as the role of the arts and humanities in developing socially transformative prospects that repair the social realm from reduced listening. In this, the words of Audre Lorde resonate with the logics and dynamics that organize and structure PRAXIS: “(…)it is a vital necessity of our existence. It forms the quality of the light within which we predicate our hopes and dreams toward survival and change, first made into language, then into idea, then into more tangible action. (…) It is the way we help give name to the nameless so it can be thought. The farthest external horizons of our hopes and fears are cobbled by our poems, carved from the rock experiences of our daily lives.” Building from this ethos, the programme is open to a maximum of sixteen participants and encourages applications from different fields of knowledge (artists, poets, curators, agroecologists, filmmakers, sociologists, theorists, choreographers, writers, philosophers, land-practitioners, performers, activists, anthropologists and other arts and humanities-related researchers or professionals). The diverse spectrum of practices seeks to unfold an experimental, ephemeral community of learning thus providing participants with free accommodation throughout the programme’s duration. Applicants should take into consideration: Application criteria PRAXIS is an in–person study programme and participants are expected to be in Santander at least in a partially–based basis (Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays). Applications should include a letter expressing how you relate to collective study and why is this period in Santander meaningful to your practice (no longer than 800 words) + a CV including the most relevant work instances to your current practice. Applications should be sent via email to studies@fluentfluent.org (submissions accepted from May 19 until June 29, 2025). The selection process will be carried out by fluent’s team with members of the programme’s faculty and former participants from PRAXIS I & II. The languages of PRAXIS are English and Spanish. Candidates who are able to follow the sessions in one of these languages only, are still legible to apply. fluent will provide the optimate resources to follow the sessions. PRAXIS 2025 starts on September 8, running until December 12, with two breaks in between. Changes may occur during the course of the programme. Tuition fee is 1,500 EUR except for four granted applicants. Support fluent provides free accommodation (single rooms in shared appartments) in Santander to participants in the programme. fluent provides four grants to selected candidates (if you are interested in applying to one of the grants, please state the reasons in your application). The programme offers support for obtaining legal documents, if necessary. For further information about the programme please contact PRAXIS‘ office at studies@fluentfluent.org . Share Email Facebook Twitter Copy Link Link Copied! Map More from fluent May 23, 2024 PRAXIS study programme 2024 April 18, 2024 A sea change in Santander: the Praxis 2023 Study Program June 22, 2023 Open call: Study Programme 2023 December 10, 2021 Proteínas October 3, 2021 A rural death October 6, 2020 Paulino Viota, Contactos e - flux 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA About Privacy Policy Institutions e-flux App Contact Facebook Twitter Instagram WeChat 172 Classon Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11205 USA Subscribe e - flux RSVP RSVP for PRAXIS study programme 2025 fluent May 27, 2025 Submit Thank you for your RSVP. fluent will be in touch.