LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Commissions & Tenders The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals / Organisations & Collectives Artists Architecture , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Canada The Scotia Place project team is working with LeuWebb Projects and Heavy to curate and commission four outdoor public art pieces for Scotia Place, Calgary, Alberta Canada’s newest premier sports and entertainment venue. This facility will play a key role in the transformation of Calgary’s downtown, the emerging Culture + Entertainment District, and its surrounding spaces. Two of the four public art commissions will be located outdoors near the main entrances to the building, at the Northwest and Southwest plazas of the site. The other two public art locations are dedicated to celebrating Indigenous culture and will be carried out by Indigenous artists or artist-led teams. These opportunities are highlighted in a separate Call to Artists. Local, national and international artists or artist-led teams or collectives, with public art experience are invited to apply for either, or both, of the locations: “ Northwest Plaza” total project budget, including artist fees: 375,000 CAD “Southwest Plaza” total project budget, including artist fees: 1,125,000 CAD This Call to Artists Request for Pre-Qualification (RFPQ) forms Phase 1 of a two-phase artist selection process. Following Phase 1, three to five artists will be selected for each opportunity to participate in Phase 2 Request for Proposals (RFP) and invited to develop detailed design concepts for their chosen artwork locations. Phase 2 shortlisted artists will be compensated through an honorarium following CARFAC guidelines for Public Art Proposal fees. Deadline: 27 June 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Site-responsive Work Urban Space Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap