Fondation Fiminco: La Fabrique des Arts Residency Programme 2025–26 (France) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. Fondation Fiminco: La Fabrique des Arts Residency Programme 2025–26 (France) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: France Read this call in: French The Fondation Fiminco is launching an open call for artists working in visual arts, arts and crafts, dance, music, design, cinema and literature, or on research projects in the cultural domain for their residency programme in Romainville (Seine-Saint-Denis) within greater Paris. The Fondation Fiminco will host artists for 3 to 10 months from September 2025 to July 2026. Technical workshops available are the following: Ceramic Photo & Video 3D printing Engraving Construction Silk-screening The artists can be involved, if they wish to, in the programming and mediation activities of the Fondation Fiminco throughout their residency with paid interventions. Public events catering to both a French and international audience are organised to provide increased visibility for resident artists, and enable them to showcase their work. These formats are flexible and are conceived in the context of a consultation between the artists and the Fondation Fiminco team. Resident artists will have a furnished studio, a workshop space, a production grant of up to 5,000 EUR, a round trip to and from the artist’s country of origin (up to 300 EUR inside Europe and up to 800 EUR outside Europe) , professional and administrative support, and French classes. Deadline: 11 May 2025 More info & apply Share this call: Share this call: See also: Mobility Funding Guide to France Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap