Screening Opportunity: Clay Films 2025 Welcome to ArtRabbit Get the app Toggle Search Toggle Log in Home Events Online Events Artworks for sale Art Map Editorial Features Open Calls Contribute ArtRabbit is an open submission platform. Anyone
					can add events. Organisation owners can manage their 
					organisation presence. Add an Event Add an Organisation Sign up Keyword search Find events, people, organisations or locations by name Location search Use the events or the venues search to find listings near a location. Screening Opportunity Clay Films 2025 Updated: 19 June 2025 Clay Films celebrates the medium of clay and the artists who capture the vitality of this material with film. This programme is open to Global Majority artists of African and Caribbean heritage based throughout the world and invites them to submit an existing short film for consideration. Eligibility : To apply for Clay Films you must be a Global Majority artist of African and Caribbean heritage over 18 years of age, working with the mediums of clay and film. What you get : Each of the ten exhibitors selected for Clay Films will receive a £350 presentation fee payment. Clay Films exhibitors will benefit from a national PR and marketing campaign. Organiser: British Ceramics Biennial, Global Locations: United Kingdom Back to all artist opportunties Artist opportunities closing soon 29.06.2025 — Writing / Publishing Opportunity: July Featured Artist – Everything But The Work 30.06.2025 — Fellowship: Sustaina India 3 Fellowships 2025 - 26 30.06.2025 — Job: Sound Playground 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity | Promoted: SEED_2065 30.06.2025 — Exhibition Opportunity: Open Call for Projects: Compass Festival 2026 Subscribe to our newsletter And receive more editorial like this directly to your inbox. Partners Give feedback, report a problem or request access to your information. About Toggle ArtRabbit Places App Partnerships Community Guidelines Art and Culture Travel Companion What you can do Toggle Festivals, Biennials and Multi-Site Events Artists Organisations PR Professionals Curators Art Lovers Buy Artworks Plans & Pricing Toggle Artist Plans Organisation Plans Pro Plan Premium Plan Advertising Boosts We send art emails Updates on openings, ArtOpps & more Follow us on: X Follow us on: Facebook Follow us on: Instagram Follow us on: Pinterest Follow us on: LinkedIn Follow us on: Bluesky Resources Toggle FAQs Logos Suggestions Open Calls Submit an Open Call Partners Asset Specifications Copyright and terms Toggle Terms Privacy Cookie Policy Advertising Terms Contact © ArtRabbit 2025