INTERSECCIÓN - A Coruña International Film Festival Your browser has JavaScript disabled. This website requires JavaScript to function properly. Please turn on JavaScript or get in touch with support Menu English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Login Register Go to... • Filmmakers Area Festivals Area Industry Area Festhome TV Language  ▾ English Español Français Italiano Português Deutsch русский 한국어 日本語 Film festival Rules & Awards Sections & Fees (6) Submit Intersección - Festival Internacional de cine de A Coruña (8) INTERSECCIÓN - A Coruña International Film Festival Deadlines 14 Nov 2024 Call for entries 05 Jan 2025 Early deadline 30 Apr 2025 Standard deadline 30 Jun 2025 Late deadline 30 Jun 2025 Final deadline 1 day 25 Jul 2025 Notification date 26 Sep 2025 04 Oct 2025 Address Calle Barrera, 34, 1º, 15001, A Coruña, A Coruña, Spain Festival description Short film festival Feature film festival qualifying festival Festival requirements Film festival Fiction Documentary Animation Fantastic Terror Experimental Music Video Other Any Genre Any Theme Has submission fees International Festival Physical Location January 2024 Production countries: Any Shooting countries: Any Director nationalities: Any Debut Films School projects Short Films Feature Films Any language Subtitles Spanish 
														                			Galician 
														                			English Share on Social Networks Facebook Tweet Spanish English Festival description (Edition: 8) Festival start: 26 September 2025     
							Festival end: 04 October 2025 INTERSECCIÓN -  A Coruña International Film Festival is committed to the freest currents of auteur cinema. Its program welcomes independent films created from risk and innovation and offers the public the chance to see groundbreaking and vibrant works. The festival explores new cinematographic languages and defends courage, diversity and curiosity in creation. Prizes and qualifications Cash Prizes: 3,850€ OFFICIAL AWARDS INTERNATIONAL SECTION - Jury Award: Trophy and 2000€ - Jury Award to the Spanish shortfilm: Trophy and qualification to the Goya Awards GALICIA SECTION - Jury Award: Trophy and 1000€ SECTION SCHOOLS - Jury Award: Trophy and 350€ - Young Jury Award (International and Galicia Sections). Trophy - Audience Award (International and Galicia Sections). Trophy NON-OFFICIAL AWARDS - NUMAX Award (International and Galicia Sections) - MAV Award (awarded to the work of a female author, participant in the International and Galicia Sections) - Contemporánea Award: mention (Galicia Section) Rules INTERSECCIÓN - A CORUÑA INTERNATIONAL FILM FESTIVAL RULES INTERSECCIÓN – A Coruña International Film Festival focuses its program on works set between contemporary art and avant-garde cinema, including a wide variety of formats, techniques and languages. The 8th edition of the festival will take place in the city of A Coruña (Spain) and will be held between September 26th and October 4th, 2025. SECTIONS AND AWARDS INTERNATIONAL A section dedicated to a selection of international works. Accepted formats: feature-length, medium-length and short length fiction films, animation or non fictional works that fill any of these categories: auteur cinema, experimental and avant-garde cinema, video creation, animation, experimental documentary, etc. - Jury Award: Trophy and 2000€ - Jury Award to the Spanish short film: Trophy and qualification to the Goya Awards GALICIA A section for works from Galician authors or residents in Galicia. Accepted formats: feature-length, medium-length and short length fiction films, animation or non fictional works that fill any of these categories: auteur cinema, experimental and avant-garde cinema, video creation, animation, experimental documentary, etc. - Jury Award: Trophy and 1000€ SCHOOLS Section aimed at students of artistic and/or audiovisual education. Accepted formats: feature-length, medium-length and short length fiction films, animation or non fictional works that fill any of these categories: auteur cinema, experimental and avant-garde cinema, video creation, animation, experimental documentary, etc. - Jury Award: Trophy and 350€ OTHER OFFICIAL AWARDS - Young Jury Award (for any of the works in the International and Galicia sections). Trophy - Audience Award (for any of the works in the International and Galicia sections). Trophy NON-OFFICIAL AWARDS Given to works from the previously mentioned sections. - NUMAX Award (for any of the works in the International and Galicia sections). Diploma - MAV Award (awarded to the work of a female author in the International, Galicia and Schools sections). Diploma - Contemporánea Award: Mention The jury may give special mentions. None of the awards can be left empty. Winners may include the awards given by the Festival in opening titles, on the web, in posters, creations and the rest of public communications. 3. JURY The jury for INTERSECCIÓN will be made up of professionals of international renown in the world of audiovisual art designated by the management of the festival and they will assess the presented works, giving the appropriate awards by unappealable decision to the right competitive sections. The festival will communicate the awards given to the people whose contact is indicated in the registration process of their correspondent works. Prizes will be paid via invoice issued by the registered person or company or by delegation to someone else. Prizes invoiced after October 31st will not be paid. 4. HOW TO PARTICIPATE 4.1. SUBMISSION OF WORKS Works made in 2024 or 2025 can be registered in INTERSECCIÓN, regardless of their duration, whether they are experimental documentary, creative documentary, experimental fiction, video art, creative animation, video installation or audiovisual performance. Works of a television, commercial or advertising nature are expressly excluded. In any case, the Festival has the right to include in its selection works produced at an earlier date. Works sent to INTERSECCIÓN in previous editions will not be considered. Although it is not essential for the registered works to be premieres, it will be valued if they are premiering in Spain. At the time of registration, it must be stated whether the work must be shown in single-channel projection, as an installation or whether either of the two options is valid. Management has the right to assign the selected works to any category they consider. Once the works are registered to participate in the festival, they cannot be removed from consideration and possible selection. Each person or company may present as many works as they wish, regardless of their nationality and language. However, each work will have to be registered independently. The deadline for submitting works to competition will be for all sections on June 30th 2025. The cost of participation will be the following: INTERNATIONAL SHORT FILMS - Early registration: 7 EUR - Standard registration: 9 EUR - Late registration: 12 EUR INTERNATIONAL MEDIUM-LENGTH AND FEATURE LENGTH FILMS - Early registration: 12 EUR - Standard registration: 14 EUR - Late registration: 17 EUR SPANISH SHORT FILMS - Early registration: 7 EUR - Standard registration: 9 EUR - Late registration: 11 EUR SPANISH MEDIUM-LENGTH AND FEATURE LENGTH FILMS - Early registration: 11 EUR - Standard registration: 13 EUR - Late registration: 15 EUR * Registration for Galicia and Schools sections is free. The festival does not guarantee the acceptance and consideration of works submitted after the set dates. Postal deliveries of physical media such as DVDs, tapes or hard drives will not be accepted. Registered works in which the language is not Galician or Spanish must have subtitles in either of these two languages or in English. Inquiries about the process of submitting works to INTERSECCIÓN can be sent to programacion@interseccion.gal 4.2. SELECTION The festival will notify the selection of the works to the contact people specified in the submissions. The list of selected works will be published on the Festival’s website and its networks approximately one month before it starts. Until that moment, the selection will not be made public. The absence of a notification of selection from the Festival management means that the work has not been selected. However, every effort will be made to ensure that all applicants are notified by email of the status of their work’s consideration. 4.3. SELECTION CRITERIA All the works submitted to the festival will be considered, provided that they meet the requirements established in these rules and have been fully and correctly presented. 5. EXHIBITION WORKS 5.1. SUBMISSION OF WORKS The deadline for the delivery of the works selected for their participation in the festival will be July 21st, 2025. Any work not received within the stipulated period may be excluded from the final program by the festival. Exhibition copies must be available in one of the following formats: - DCP. It must be of quality and made by a professional laboratory. Preferably the submission should be made in digital format. If the participant wishes to send it in physical format, they will be responsible for the shipping and return costs. - 16mm or 35mm. - Digital file in .mov or .mp4 format. Minimum resolution: 1920 × 1080, maximum bit rate: 50,000 kbps; AAC audio; English, Galician and/or Spanish subtitles in .srt format. In case there are no copies available in any of the required screening formats, the Festival management must be contacted immediately after the notification of selection. In case the DCP copy is protected by a password, it is mandatory to provide a valid KDM key. The projection copy must be subtitle free, unless it is subtitled in Galician or Spanish (which is required if dialogues do not use any of these two languages). Copies with embedded subtitles in a language other than these two will not be accepted. For specific cases regarding other languages please contact the Festival management. For DCP or film formats, a digital backup copy (either ProRes or H.264) will be provided. The Festival will decide the screening format. For installation works, the video format is recommended to have the same characteristics mentioned above, although the artist can decide the format that best fits their work. Should the delivery of physical materials be required, the artist will take care of the costs. 5.2. RIGHTS OF EXHIBITION AND PUBLIC COMMUNICATION The works selected in the official competitions will be publicly exhibited during the Festival. Participants authorize these screenings from the moment of their registration in the Festival. The owners of the works that are selected to participate in competitive sections give the Festival the right to screen them both in the festival itself and in several extraordinary activities held outside the dates of the event, always with exclusively cultural and non-commercial purposes. These screenings will always be notified to the owner of the rights. The festival management has the right to show excerpts and previews of the selected works on television channels or through its website for promotional purposes (no more than 20% of the total duration or a maximum of 3 minutes of the work). The authors of the presented works authorize the Festival to use the informative materials they sent for promotional purposes in the media and for their inclusion in the web, catalog and any other format decided by the festival management. The festival management assumes that the participants are the owners of the rights of the works they present or that they act on behalf of the owner. In any case, the organization is not responsible for possible infractions derived from this aspect. 5.3. POSTAL SHIPPING Participants must assume shipping costs of the screening copies for the selected works. The inscription “NO COMMERCIAL VALUE” must appear clearly on the respective packages. Works sent on behalf of the Festival will not be accepted, and will be automatically returned to their sender. 6. EXCEPTIONS AND DISPUTES Festival management (or its legal representatives) will resolve all cases not specified within the terms of these rules and may grant a special dispensation with respect to specific and justified requests. Management has the right to cancel any registration or take the measures it deems appropriate in case of violation of the regulations or in response to any behavior that disturbs the course of the Festival. If a dispute occurs, these rules will abide by their own clauses and, failing that, by the corresponding Spanish legislation at the time. In case of dispute regarding the fulfillment or interpretation of these rules, the parties waive their own jurisdiction that may correspond to them by reason of domicile and will submit their disputes to the courts and tribunals of the city of A Coruña. Management has the right to alter, modify or suspend the program for INTERSECCIÓN. The management of the festival has the right to decide or modify any aspect of these rules. Both participation in the calls for INTERSECCIÓN, and participation in the Festival in case of selection, imply the unreserved acceptance of all the terms contained in these rules. Contact: programacion@interseccion.gal International (Medium and Features) Short and Feature Films Fee -8% Early 12€ 11.04€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 14€ 12.88€ 30 Apr 25 Late 17€ 15.64€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 1.36€ Submit International competition for any length Galicia Short and Feature Films Fee -8% Early 0€ 0€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 0€ 0€ 30 Apr 25 Late 0€ 0€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit For the Galician section of the festival, we are committed to a heterogeneous selection in terms of styles, formats and profiles. It's mandatory that the director or the production are from or living in Galicia. Schools Short and Feature Films Fee -8% Early 0€ 0€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 0€ 0€ 30 Apr 25 Late 0€ 0€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 0€ Submit Section composed by works made by college students. International (Shortfilms) Short and Feature Films Fee -8% Early 7€ 6.44€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 9€ 8.28€ 30 Apr 25 Late 12€ 11.04€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 0.96€ Submit International shortfilms Spain (Shortfilms) Short Films																																		 30'< Fee -8% Early 7€ 6.44€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 9€ 8.28€ 30 Apr 25 Late 11€ 10.12€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 0.88€ Submit Shortfilms made by Spanish director or Spanish production company. Spain (Medium and Features) Short and Feature Films																							 >31' Fee -8% Early 11€ 10.12€ 05 Jan 25 Standard 13€ 11.96€ 30 Apr 25 Late 15€ 13.8€ 30 Jun 25 Submissions deadline 30 Jun 25 Save up 1.2€ Submit Medium-lenght and feature films made by Spanish director or Spanish production company. Festhome holds accountable fees festivals by holding the payment of the fees of most newer festivals until they have viewed the submissions, held their festivals and other methods. Discover great films & festivals, one click away Register Login Questions? Copyright 2012-2025 All Rights Reserved FAQs Film festivals Blog Contact Team Terms of Use Privacy Policy Returns Policy