Indigenous Fashion Runway Residency 2025 | Banff Centre Skip to main content Programs View Programs Arts Indigenous Arts Visual Arts Literary Arts Dance Music Opera Theatre Mountain Culture Professional Training Programs Leighton Artist Studios Leadership Indigenous Leadership Shows & Festivals Events Banff Summer Arts Festival Performances & Arts Events Exhibitions National Indigenous History Month House Programs Box Office Banff Centre Celebrates Banff International String Quartet Competition Competitor Information Tickets & Packages Mountain Film Festival World Tour Banff on Demand 2025 Festival Competitions, Awards & Workshops Stay & Dine Restaurants Maclab Bistro Vistas Dining Room Three Ravens Restaurant & Wine Bar (closed) Hotels Banquets & Receptions Conference Centre Our Conference Centre Meeting Spaces & Convention Facilities Hotel & Dining The Destination Campus Facilities Sally Borden Fitness Walter Phillips Gallery Library & Archives Artist Facilities Map & Directions Webcam About Us About Us Work With Us Subscribe to Newsletters Support Us Contact Us Strategic Plan Governance Banff Centre Foundation Board of Governors Banff Centre Leadership Group Search Donate Want to find out more about upcoming programs? Please subscribe to our mailing list . English French Indigenous Fashion Runway Residency 2025 Indigenous Arts | In Person Application deadline has passed Program Dates Nov 17, 2025 - Dec 05, 2025 Arrive Nov 16, 2025 Depart Dec 06, 2025 Program Information Designs by Rebecca Baker-Grenier, Indigenous Haute Couture 2022. Photos by Rita Taylor. Overview The three-week Indigenous Fashion Runway Residency offers four Indigenous fashion designers and their collaborators the opportunity to build their portfolios and present completed or near-completed runway collections in a professional setting. Participants will be supported by the faculty and Banff Centre’s production team as they explore working with models, photography, and fashion show preparation. This residency is a balance of exploration and self-directed preparation for the runway to showcase 6-8 looks. Lead Designers can apply with a co-designer (adornment & jewelry), and/or a designer’s assistant to support their design line. Their contributions will be recognized as designers in collaboration. All participants will take part in program sessions. Description This program offers four Indigenous designers and their collaborators the opportunity to work together on coordinating their segment of the fashion showcase runway. The program provides mentorship and professional development, fostering learning through hands-on experience, including: Developing portfolios and showcasing work in a professional setting. Working with faculty and Banff Centre’s production team. Exploring modeling, photography, and runway preparation. Program Highlights: Collaborate on a fashion showcase runway, which will be professionally photographed and recorded with B-roll for your portfolio. Workshops on lighting, projection, staging, sound design, and special effects. Faculty led sessions on: Fashion as a Career, Marketing and Promotion of Products, Preparing for the Runway, and working with models and industry professions. The residency will take place in Banff Centre’s Performing Arts Facilities , where each design team will have access to Lazlo Funtek Dance Studios, The Wardrobe Facility and the Margaret Greenham Theatre. Requirements Indigenous designers are invited to apply with a newly featured design line that is either complete or near completion at the time of application, ensuring it is ready for showcase during the program. Open to regional, national, and global Indigenous fashion makers, designers, and design companies. Applicants will submit a portfolio, along with the theme and background of their work. Lead Designers can apply with a co-designer (adornment & jewelry), and/or a designer’s assistant to support their design line. Their contributions will be recognized as designers in collaboration. All participants will take part in program sessions. Eligibility Applicants must be 18+ at the time of the program start date. Indigenous domestic and international applications are welcome. Visa Eligibility Information: Please note that Banff Centre programs do not meet the eligibility requirements for a Canadian Student Visa. If you are accepted into our program, you must obtain a Visitor Visa to enter Canada. Accepted participants are responsible for identifying and complying with the immigration requirements to enter Canada as a visitor from their country of origin. If you require a Visitor Visa please check the current expected processing times well in advance of applying. Inclusivity Statement We welcome applicants of all ages (18+), backgrounds, gender identities and expressions to apply. Itinerary Week One: Participants arrive on November 16th, 2025. November 17th, 2025: Program Welcome and Campus Orientation Welcome to campus with participants, faculty and staff hosted by Indigenous Arts with support of Knowledge Keeper and Elder. November 18th, 2025: Campus Tour, Class Photo, and Participant Head Shots November 19th, 2025 to 21st, 2025: Workshop sessions led by Banff Centre Production Team and Faculty in wardrobe, lighting, staging, projection, and special effects Workshops sessions led by Banff Centre Production Team for wardrobe access, lighting, project, projection and special effects.  Faculty led workshops. Self-directed time to work as a design team with opportunity for sessions with faculty, guest artists and production team. Week Two: Participants will begin with a weekly gathering check-in and continue preparing for the fashion runway and continue participating in workshop sessions. This week will include a guest faculty presentation to help participants think about marketing, branding and distribution. The opportunity to work with photographers is to focus on in-studio photography without models focusing on the products. Week Three: Participants will prepare for the runway. Models will be on campus and design teams will start coordinating looks with the models. Each designer features 5 to 8 looks for the runway. The designers will work with the production team to focus on lighting, projection, sound and staging. Participants will showcase the work in the Indigenous Fashion Runway Showcase on December 5th, 2025 at 7:00 PM at the Margaret Greenham Theatre. Faculty Caroline Phelps Caroline Phelps Caroline Phelps, whose ancestral name is QwAACWA from Ahousaht, BC, is of Nuu-chah-nulth, Stó:lō, and of Hawaiian descent. She is deeply committed to creating safe and empowering spaces for Indigenous artists, with a strong focus on advancing financial prosperity, economic sovereignty, and cultural self-determination. Caroline is a tireless advocate for Indigenous representation and leadership across the creative industries, working to ensure that Indigenous voices are not only heard but thrive. She currently serves as the General Manager of Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week, is a board member of Canoe Cultures, and is the owner of TATUS Talent Agency and President of the Board for TATUS Creative Society. Through her work, Caroline continues to uplift Indigenous communities and support the next generation of creators and leaders. Faculty Joleen Mitton Joleen Mitton Spanning almost two decades, Joleen Mitton’s modeling career took her across the globe, featuring in campaigns for renowned brands like Kenzo, Clinique, and Vivienne Westwood, as well as on countless runways in Asia. She also appeared in print advertisements for everything from high-tech air conditioners to Hello Kitty paraphernalia. However, Joleen’s passion extended far beyond the glamorous world of fashion. In 2017, Joleen founded the world’s first Indigenous Fashion Week, Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week (VIFW), establishing a groundbreaking platform for celebrating and uplifting Indigenous fashion, art, and culture. Over the years, she has worked with more than 100 Indigenous designers and has collaborated with prominent organizations and events, including the Toronto Raptors, Truth and Reconciliation Day in Winnipeg, and the Vancouver Art Gallery’s FUSE. Through Indigenous fashion, Joleen has consistently created spaces for healing, education, and change. Joleen also co-founded Supernaturals Modelling, the first Indigenous modeling agency, which serves as a platform to elevate Indigenous talent in the fashion industry. This agency works to challenge stereotypes, amplify Indigenous voices, and create opportunities for Indigenous models to thrive in a global industry. As the founder and operator of All My Relations Ltd. and VIFW, Joleen has focused on producing fashion shows that exclusively feature clothing designed by local Indigenous designers and modeled by individuals of First Nation, Métis, and Inuit descent. Her work is deeply rooted in her desire to reclaim narratives and highlight the power of Indigenous voices through art, fashion, and community engagement. Although Joleen appreciated the artistic aspects of the global fashion industry, she often felt disconnected from its lack of substance. This prompted her to redirect her focus toward creating meaningful connections in her community. Joleen dedicates her time to Indigenous community work. She collaborates with numerous non-profits, using art, fashion, and education to connect and inspire. Through producing Indigenous fashion shows and organizing basketball tournaments across the city, Joleen has raised awareness about local Indigenous fashion and the Native basketball community. Her contributions include hosting tournaments, mentoring youth, and creating platforms that highlight the vibrancy of Indigenous talent. A proud Cree woman, Joleen grew up in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside with her mother and spent significant time with her Kokum Alice Ward, who shaped her resilience and worldview. Following in her Kokum's footsteps, Joleen became a community support worker, assisting Indigenous youth in foster care, supporting families transitioning out of high-risk situations, and working closely with elders. Faculty Valerie St.Pierre Smith Valerie St.Pierre Smith Aanii, ndinaawamagaanadog! Maygabow Ogidajew Kwe, nindizhinikaaz. Gaa- Aanii, ndinaawamagaanadog! Maygabow Ogidajew Kwe, nindizhinikaaz. Gaa-waabaabiganikaag + Um’oha, ndoonjibaa, Migizi ndoodem. This traditional Anishnaabemowin greeting roughly translates to: "Hello, all of my relatives! My name is Woman Standing on the Mountaintop. My family is from White Earth, and I currently reside on the unceded lands of the Umoⁿhoⁿ people, commonly known as Omaha, NE, USA. I am Eagle clan." Valerie St. Pierre Smith is a two-spirit multi-disciplinary artisan, writer, educator, and healer known for her use of color, texture, technology, and upcycling. Her creative practice is rooted in the cultural legacy and aesthetic traditions of her Anishnaabe ancestors, while employing contemporary technologies to explore expressions of identity, sustainability, and the role of technology in modern design. A bridge between cultures and times, Valerie’s work reflects her experience as a mixed blood Anishnaabe-kwe, and has been shared across Turtle Island, including at the Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity, Calgary Fashion Week, the National Museum of the American Indian, the Kennedy Center, McCarter Theatre, Berkeley Repertory Theatre, and with Pilobolus Dance Theatre. A bit of a unicorn, she is also actively engaged with her research, teaching, and writing practice, focusing on indigenizing and decolonizing western Euro-centric design practices. Both her creative and scholarly practices reflect her knowing that fashion, art, and adornment are a dialogue between self, community, cultures, time, and place. Her work celebrates her heritage while also serving as a medium for healing, social justice, and the expression of identity. Valerie holds a B.F.A. from Stephens College and an M.F.A. from San Diego State University. Faculty What's Included Meal Plan Read more Close Using a credit-based system to dine on campus, our flexible meal plans allow you to select meals according to your own needs during your stay. Banff Centre can respond to most dietary requests. The Full meal plan is equivalent to $73 credit per day, equivalent to three meals at our Buffet service. Accommodation Read more Close Your program fee includes a single bedroom on the Banff Centre campus for the duration of your program. Get connected with other artists on campus and focus on your projects in a creative environment while we take care of the day-to-day essentials. Studio Space Read more Close Create in the privacy of one of our specialized studios. Showcase Your Work Read more Close This program offers opportunities to showcase your work-in-progress. Group Seminars/Workshops Read more Close Group seminars and workshops with faculty. Paul D. Fleck Library and Archives Read more Close The Paul D. Fleck Library and Archives are delighted to support Banff Centre Participants, Artists, and Faculty Campus Facilities Read more Close Participant Resources : Enrich your experience and get to know other artists on campus by taking advantage of the activities and support provided. Sally Borden Fitness and Recreation Centre : Your program fee includes free access to the swimming pool, climbing gym and fitness suite as well as discounted rates for classes. Box Office Discounts : Enjoy special artist rates or complimentary access for ticketed performances. Fees & Financial Assistance Total fee per person (Tuition, Accom & Meal Plan) $8 316.00 Scholarship Amount Applied* $8 316.00 You pay $0.00 Application Fee $35 for applicants who identify as Indigenous. The application fee is non-refundable. 100% of this fee goes towards the cost of administering the application in SlideRoom. Scholarships We are pleased to offer scholarships to support participants in our program. Below are details regarding the scholarship amount and how they are applied. Scholarship: covers 100% of tuition fees and meals and accommodation costs To receive the standard scholarship please complete the Financial Aid section when uploading your supporting materials. Please note that all travel arrangements and associated costs are the responsibility of the participants. For additional support to help fund your experience at Banff Centre, view a compiled list of national and international opportunities here . Cancellations Information on our cancellation policy can be found here . Tax Information Banff Centre will issue official tax receipts for eligible tuition fees and financial assistance and awards as required by the Income Tax Act. You will receive a T2202 (Tuition and Enrolment Certificate) for eligible tuition fees paid and a T4A (Statement of Pension, Retirement, Annuity, and Other Income) for applicable financial assistance and awards. How to Apply Learn more about the steps to Complete Your Application. Resume A one-page resume or C.V. describing academic, professional, and other relevant experience. All collaborators resumes should be summited in one document. Cover Letter A one-page cover letter explaining why you are interested in this program and what you hope to achieve by attending it. Project Proposal Provide a 500-word or a 3-minute video description of your proposed project, including the theme, an outline of materials and facilities that may be required, and a breakdown of timelines. These summaries will be used as a narrative for administrative and public use. Resource request form Please review and complete applicable resource request forms in Slideroom detailing your technical and resource requirements related to your proposed project. Portfolio Please provide up to 5 samples of relevant recent artistic work. File sizes and specifications are available in our upload tool. Financial Assistance Be sure to complete the Financial Aid question in SlideRoom to be eligible for the financial assistance. Group Applications The lead applicant should complete: Step 1: One application form Step 2: Pay the $35 processing fee on behalf of the group Step 3: One SlideRoom application Note: An additional $35 registration fee will be added for each member upon acceptance to the program. Adjudication Participants are chosen by an adjudication panel comprising of internal and external assessors. The selection criteria include: Quality, originality and artistic merit. Required skills and experience. The potential for the applicant's work to benefit from the program. Banff Centre’s ability to support the project. Our programs are highly competitive with a limited number of places available. Applicants will be notified of their selection status as soon as the adjudication process is complete. Due to the high volume of applications individual feedback will not be provided. Disclaimer All programs, faculty, dates, fees, and offers of financial assistance are subject to change. Program fee is subject to applicable taxes. Non-refundable fees and deposits will be retained upon cancellation. Any other fees are refunded at the discretion of the Banff Centre. The application deadline is 11:59 p.m. Mountain Standard Time. Contact Admissions For questions on preparing your application, please contact Admissions: Email Admissions@banffcentre.ca Toll Free Number (Canada + USA) 1.800.565.9989 Phone 403.762.6180 Application deadline has passed Program Dates Nov 17, 2025 - Dec 05, 2025 Arrive Nov 16, 2025 Depart Dec 06, 2025 Tags: Indigenous Arts Essential Links Admissions Information Funding Opportunities Music Programs Student Portal Log-In Contact Us Residency Program Dates September 02, 2025 - October 03, 2025 Aknumustiǂis: Ecological Engagement Through the Seasons 2025 Residency for Indigenous visual artists focused on land-centered artistic processes and engagement. Application deadline has passed View Program Residency Program Dates February 02, 2026 - February 28, 2026 Toga da wôhnagabi: Music Creation Residency 2026 “Toga da wôhnagabi” (Stories for the future) provides songwriters a transformative space to actively listen and learn from each other in story and song. Application Deadline August 20, 2025 View Program Residency Program Dates November 03, 2025 - December 05, 2025 Banff Artist in Residence - Fall 2025 Banff Artist in Residence Fall 2025 offers visual artists the time and space to engage in intensive, self-directed research and studio practice. Application deadline has passed View Program Phone (Main Switchboard) 403.762.6100 Address 107 Tunnel Mountain Drive PO Box 1020 Banff, Alberta Canada T1L 1H5 Find us on Google Maps Footer about banff centre about us history mission/vision strategic plan president's message en français banff centre operations maps & directions admissions office participant resources student portal work with us contact us banff centre communications subscribe to newsletters news & stories media room publications banff centre small print policies & procedures digital privacy statement terms of use Banff Centre is supported by CCA_RGB_black_e Follow Us Donate We recognize, with deep respect and gratitude, our home on the side of Sacred Buffalo Guardian Mountain. In the spirit of respect and truth, we honour and acknowledge the Banff area, known as “Minihrpa” (translated in Stoney Nakoda as “the waterfalls”) and the Treaty 7 territory and oral practices of the Îyârhe Nakoda (Stoney Nakoda) – comprised of the Bearspaw, Chiniki, and Goodstoney Nations – as well as the Tsuut’ina First Nation and the Blackfoot Confederacy comprised of the Siksika, Piikani, and Kainai. We acknowledge that this territory is home to the Shuswap Nations, Ktunaxa Nations, and Metis Nation of Alberta, Rockyview District 4. We acknowledge all Nations who live, work, and play here, help us steward this land, and honour and celebrate this place.