Open Call for August 2025 Emerging Artist Solo Exhibition | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity open call for august 2025 emerging artist solo exhibition ARC Gallery Deadline: Jun. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 14, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: Yes Artistic fields: Applied Arts Architecture Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Writing Overview ARC Gallery is pleased to announce a *fully funded Open Call for three Solo Exhibitions for August 2025. This specific call is for emerging artists. A.R.C. defines “emerging” in regard to this call, as an artist who has not yet had a solo exhibition in a major US city, such as our hometown of Chicago. A.R.C. Gallery is pleased to announce an Open Call for three fully funded Emerging Artist Solo Exhibitions in August 2025. This Exhibition Award is made possible by a generous grant from the Athena Foundation in support of making solo show opportunities accessible to a broader audience. Visual artists of all disciplines, ages and geographic locations are encouraged to apply. The artists will be selected by the A.R.C. cooperative based on the quality of their work and commitment to their practice. Due to the nature of this call, examples of work submitted must be of the actual work to be exhibited, and include a clear plan of display within the gallery space. Work must be completed, available, and ready to display as of the date of submission. A.R.C. will make the final decision on which space the selected proposals will be installed. Exhibitions for the three selected artists will take place in August 2025. Work will be installed on July 27, and the deinstallation will occur on August 30th. The Opening Reception will be August 1st, 5-8pm. Selected artists will be expected to be present for all three dates, and to work with A.R.C. members to install and deinstall their work. A.R.C. will work with selected artists leading up to the installation and opening of the exhibitions. Timeline: 1st Round of Finalists Notification: Tuesday, June 24, 2025 Solo Show Notification: Friday, June 27, 2025 Exhibition Installation Day: Sunday, July 27, 2025 Opening Reception: Friday, August 1, 2025, 5-8pm. Pick-Up Work at Gallery: Saturday, August 30, 2025 Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post Open Call for August 2025 Emerging Artist Solo Exhibition ARC Gallery Open Call for August 2025 Emerging Artist Solo Exhibition ARC Gallery Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect