PHI Immersive: XR for Impact | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity phi immersive: xr for impact PHI Studio Deadline: Jun. 24, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: Jun. 24, 2025 Add to Calendar Location: 407 Rue Saint-Pierre, Montréal, Canada Duration: Rewards: Rewards: Type: Residency Fees: No Artistic fields: Digital Installation Interdisciplinary Visual Arts Overview Transforming Narratives through Activism, Contemporary Challenges, and Social Good PHI Immersive is an intensive four-week residency program with PHI Studio in Montréal, Canada. Presented in partnership with Agog: The Immersive Media Institute, a grantmaking and capacity-building organization that inspires creators and changemakers to use XR for good, the residency program is designed to support creators by offering collaborative opportunities with PHI Studio experts and resources. In these times of rapid change, immersive media stands out as a powerful discipline to inspire action and reimagine our collective future. This program is designed to support creators residing in North America whose practices imagine a more just future through new media, extended reality (XR) technologies, artificial intelligence, and immersive sound or audio. By focusing on art with a potential to drive responsible social transformation, PHI Immersive invites participants to enliven and enrich their practice, cultivate novel visions for living together and foster empathy, understanding, and activism. The program is open to artists whose projects address and engage audiences in contemporary challenges and urgent global issues. Through a focused residency structure, participants will have the time and resources to transform their ideas into a prototype ready for broader production. Focusing specifically on the development phase of a project over the course of four weeks, the selected artist(s), group, or collective will collaborate with PHI Studio experts to conceptualize , plan , and prototype an immersive artwork. The program provides the selected project with personalized support, workspace, the possibility to connect with a community partner and targeted resources to refine the concept, create prototypes, and prepare for potential production. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post PHI Immersive: XR for Impact PHI Studio PHI Immersive: XR for Impact PHI Studio Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect