LINZ FMR: Artist-in-Residence 2025/26 for Digital Art in Public Space (Austria) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium Canada Croatia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Kosovo Malta Namibia Nigeria Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia South Africa Spain Taiwan Tunisia United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Presenting Work / Residencies The deadline for this call has now passed.
					See the news page for more open calls. LINZ FMR: Artist-in-Residence 2025/26 for Digital Art in Public Space (Austria) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Digital / New Media , Visual Arts & Design Destination countries: Austria FMR – Festival for Art in Digital Contexts and Public Spaces is calling for applications for Artist-in-Residence for the upcoming 4th edition which will take place in Linz, Austria, from 3 to 7 June 2026. FMR is a biennial festival showcasing artistic processes and positions that reflect the ephemeral nature of our digitally connected present. The continuous digitalisation of everyday life creates an intense overlap and layering of familiar physical and intricately interwoven digital spaces. FMR focuses on the shifts, distortions, and rifts that arise in this process and presents contemporary artistic perspectives in this context. The festival presents works whose initial ideas originate in virtual-digital spaces or have a strong connection to it but are displayed — sometimes in a transformed manner — in physical surroundings, specifically in the public and open space. The residency will take place in two phases. By applying to FM[Ai]R 26, you are applying for both residencies. The exact duration and days of the two residencies will be negotiated. First residency (preparation): Up to one week between 2–8 June 2025 (in exceptional cases, an online residency may be considered) Artist grant: 450 EUR Second residency (production): Residency duration: Up to one month in February or March 2026 Final materialisation on site as part of FMR 26 Festival (3–7 June, 2026) Artist grant: 900 EUR The following conditions apply to both residencies: Production budget: Up to 1,500 EUR for both residencies Travel expenses: Up to 450 EUR per residency Free use of a studio and accommodation Free access to host facilities and various workshops at the Art University Linz Curatorial support during the residency Professional presentation, exhibition and artist talk during both the FMR 26 Prolog in June 2025 and the FMR 26 Festival in June 2026 Deadline: 10 April 2025 More info & apply Outdoor Arts Technology & New Media Urban Space Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Scuola Piccola Zattere: Fellowship for Artists and Cultural Practitioners (Italy) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency Programme 2025 (Italy). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 VAHA III: Transnational Networking Meeting 2025 for Arts and Cultural Organisations. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 British Council: Festival Connect Fund 2025 between Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 LeuWebb Projects/Heavy: Scotia Place Public Art Commissions (Canada). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 S+T+ARTS: Afropean Intelligence Programme 2025–2026 for African Artists (Nigeria, Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, the Democratic Republic of Congo). Deadline: 27 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap