Wit Power. Climate Protection instead of Fake News | ArtConnect Opportunities Organizations Artists Magazine Sign in Sign in Sign up Add Add artwork Add opportunity wit power. climate protection instead of fake news Group Global 3000 Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Deadline: May. 16, 2025 Add to Calendar Rewards: Rewards: Type: Open Call Fees: No Artistic fields: Applied Arts Architecture Dance Design Digital Drawing Education Fashion Film Installation Interdisciplinary Painting Performance Photography Printmaking Public Art Research Sculpture Social Practice Sound Art Textiles Video Visual Arts Overview Fake news is spread worldwide by politicians, the press and on social media and is usually defined as fabricated content that is intended to manipulate and influence opinion. FN often has a deliberately emotional character and is often difficult to distinguish from real news. We focus here on the fake news against the transformation to sustainability, e.g. the energy transition. How do you debunk fake news? How do you set positive signals instead? We are planning an exhibition on the subject and are inviting artists from all over the world to submit their proposals. We would like to see works that take up this theme and conserve resources in terms of transportation and materials. We will jury them as a team and advertise them in print and online and show them in our rooms with an accompanying program such as an artist talk, specialist lecture and workshop. In a public call for entries, we invite artists to submit contributions for a group exhibition in our exhibition spaces on the theme described above. Eligibility Rewards Does this sound like something for you? Cost Required Documents Contact Report post I'm concerned about this post Wit Power. Climate Protection instead of Fake News Group Global 3000 Wit Power. Climate Protection instead of Fake News Group Global 3000 Related Opportunities Sorry, no results matching your criteria. Maybe you find these interesting Opportunities Residencies Open Calls Jobs Collaborations Art Prizes & Awards Calls for Curators Artist Commissions Artist Education Grants & Stipends For Artists Pricing Resources Artists to Watch 2025 ArtConnect About Magazine Newsletter For Organizations Support FAQ Contact us Press Instagram Imprint Terms and conditions Privacy Cookie Policy Copyright © 2025 ArtConnect