PACT Zollverein: IMPACT25 ‘Countercrafts: On Practices of Resistance, Repair and Reworlding’ (Germany) | On the Move Skip to main content Search News News Open calls Deadlines Newsletter Resources Resources Funding guides Mobility Information Points Publications & research Ressources en français Network Network About Working groups Members Join Our work Our Work Mentoring Projects Information monitoring Research Events About us About us About On the Move Our News Team Contact Editorial policy Sustainability policy Regions Regions Open calls Africa Americas Asia Europe Oceania Argentina Austria Belgium China Croatia Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Malta Namibia Norway Philippines Poland Portugal Serbia Spain Taiwan United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Vietnam Search Newsletter subscribe News Menu News Meetings & Collaboration PACT Zollverein: IMPACT25 ‘Countercrafts: On Practices of Resistance, Repair and Reworlding’ (Germany) Call details Call details In-person mobility Open for: Individuals Artists Cross-disciplinary Destination countries: Germany Read this call in: German PACT Zollverein, based in Essen, Germany, is now calling for applications from practitioners and theorists for IMPACT25, 17-20 October 2025. In times of deepening inequality, narrow discourses and authoritarian attacks on democratic achievements, there is a need for spaces in which counterstrategies can be developed and tested, affects negotiated, and complex perspectives made visible. Art creates spaces of resonance for practices of resistance, repair, and reworlding, in order to challenge dominant narratives and foreground personal ideas of belonging and the future. IMPACT25 sees itself as a transdisciplinary symposium for strategies for dealing with the future. This is where practices and blueprints from the arts, sciences, urban space, architecture and other fields of research come together. This year’s edition unfolds in two phases: the first two days will be open to the public, inter alia with brief presentations of the selected invited projects, followed by two days of closed sessions devoted to the exchange of ideas. This call for proposals welcomes projects that are rooted in artistic, scientific, social, activist or technological fields and whose authors would like to engage in open exchange with other international participants regarding their respective approaches. IMPACT25 is aimed at practitioners and theorists from the fields of the arts, science, journalism, technology, activism, social work and architecture. The programme includes: Participation in the symposium with own contributions within the framework of the Assembly (with remuneration) Travel costs (it is recommended that participants choose the least environmentally harmful means of transport available) Accommodation Deadline: 2 July 2025 More info & apply Collaboration & Networking Share this call: Share this call: Latest news See all A4 Residency Art Center International Residency 2026–2027 (China) International Sculpture Biennial 2026 (Argentina) German Federal Cultural Foundation: Initiation Fund for Fair and Sustainable International Partnerships 2025–2026 NEMO: Travel and Conference Grants for Museum Professionals from South and Central-Eastern Europe (Denmark) Closing soon Last chances to apply! See the deadlines page for more. CreArt: Artist Residency at the Open Form Festival 2025 (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Dorożkarnia Cultural Centre: Residency for Young Visual Artists from Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Moldova (Poland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Entrellaç – Entrelacs Nomadic Artist Residency 2025–2026 (France, Spain). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Taipei City Government: ‘Hit the Wall’ 2025 International Young Artists Residency on Mural Art (Taiwan). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Platform Residency 2026 on Resistance and Acts of Repair (Finland). Deadline: 30 Jun 2025 Get more opportunities in your inbox Our newsletter is sent out once a month, in your choice of five languages. Email address Language Select language English Français Español Italiano Deutsch Founded in 2002, On the Move provides information on cultural mobility that is clear, up‑to‑date, and always free to use. Privacy Policy Accessibility Sitemap