Residency — Det Vilde Spinderi  | Danmarks første minispinderi Gå til indhold Åbn menu Luk menu Forside ODE PRODUCT LINES GARN / YARN Wool Products Akustik Design ODE KITS Om os Nyheder Det Vilde Spinderi Bæredygtighedsmål FOR DESIGNERS & ARTISTS Residency Residency Application & Contact Exhibition Space For Designers and Artists For research institutions and educators Videndeling Besøg os 0 0 Forside ODE PRODUCT LINES GARN / YARN Wool Products Akustik Design ODE KITS Om os Nyheder Det Vilde Spinderi Bæredygtighedsmål FOR DESIGNERS & ARTISTS Residency Residency Application & Contact Exhibition Space For Designers and Artists For research institutions and educators Videndeling Besøg os 0 0 Åbn menu Luk menu Forside Mappe: ODE PRODUCT LINES Tilbage GARN / YARN Wool Products Akustik Design ODE KITS Mappe: Om os Tilbage Nyheder Det Vilde Spinderi Bæredygtighedsmål Mappe: FOR DESIGNERS & ARTISTS Tilbage Residency Residency Application & Contact Exhibition Space For Designers and Artists For research institutions and educators Videndeling Besøg os Residency Our residency program offers a unique opportunity for artists and creatives to immerse themselves in a supportive and inspiring environment. We believe in fostering a community of collaboration and innovation. Through our residency program, participants have access to dedicated studio space, where you can engage with like-minded individuals, exchange ideas, and gain new perspectives. Our program is designed to encourage experimentation and growth, providing the time and space for artists to develop their practice. We believe that by supporting emerging talent and fostering a culture of creativity, we can contribute to the artistic landscape. Residency Workshops We have a workshop for wet felting and for natural dyeing, a textile workshop with looms, sewing machines and embroidery machine, a knitting machine, needle felting  and tufting workshop. Our workshops are constantly under development, so feel free to inquire about equipment. Please note that technicians will not be leading workshops. You must be trained to operate the listed equipment and machines and take full responsibility for the proper handling. The residency workshops and facilities are supported by LAC. Textile print and felting workshop FeltCrafts® 60” Rolling Machine for wet felting Work- and felting tables in different sizes Bamboo felting mat Various shoe and hat molds Heat presser for foils, transfer, and dye fixation Steamer for dye fixation Weaving and sewing workshop Worktables Janome® Backstitch sewing machine Juki® DDL-9000B sd 1 needle lockstitch with CP-180 Operational panel Brother® Innov-is V3 Embroidery machine Serger Coverlock Electric yarn winder Stockman®  mannequins Ironing board with suction, iron, and kettle Countermarch Loom (12 shafts) Toika® computer loom (24 shafts) Warping Mill (4 m) Reeds and heddles, viewing needles, nylon loop cords, etc. Tufting, knitting and needle felting workshop Silver Reed® SK840 Electronic Knitting Machine (incl. Designerknit program and pc) Silver Reed SK155 Hague® linking machine Various knitting tools Two 220V KRD- I Loop and Cut Pile Tufting Machines Tufting Frame Tufting Cloth 60” needle felting machine Wool and natural dyeing workshop 2 x 60 l stainless steel boilers Hand carders Drum carder Drop spindle Louet® S17 Spinning wheel Niddy noddy Yarn swift Yarn ball winder Electric yarn ball winder Ropemaking machine Stainless steel pots with lids Hot plates Strainer Funnel Measuring jug Tongs Drying yarn racks Buckets Thermometer pH strips At Det Vilde Spinderi, we are committed to providing our residents with not only a creative workspace but also comfortable living accommodations. We are pleased to collaborate with K12, conveniently located just a 10-minute walk from our workshop. K12 is a charming old house, with a cozy atmosphere and creative milieu, offering our residents a warm and inspiring environment to relax and rejuvenate after a day's work. K12 houses several rooms, a large 1-3 person room, 2 guestrooms and a guesthouse with kitchenette. Havnevej 2, 4500 Nykøbing Sj, DK Kontakt Nyheder Sociale Medier Instagram Facebook Info Handelsbetingelser Cookiepolitik Tilmelde sig nyhedsbrevet Email Address Tilmeld Tjek din email for at bekræfte din tilmelding (og evt. også din spam-mappe)!  🐑 💚 ⁕ fotos af Adrian Rast , Greta Megelaite , Alla Sinkevich , Christian Brink Grønnebæk © Det Vilde Spinderi A/S  |  CVR 42079456  |  Sparekassen Sjælland Made with ♥ by Vital Visuals