LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – production - LONG TERM RESIDENCIES Skip to content LONG TERM RESIDENCIES Toggle menu visibility. facebook instagram Toggle menu visibility. Home LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – research LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – investigación LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – production LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – producción About the Residency LONG TERM RESIDENCIES – production is an international program of long-term residencies for artists, located in São Paulo, Brazil, which combines our experience in research and art management, with the material, conceptual, and strategic possibilities of your production. The residence takes place in a department located in the COPAN building, one of São Paulo’s emblematic buildings that was designed by Oscar Niemeyer. Additionally, we provide an Artist Workshop close to the city center. About Uberbau_house Since 2016, Uberbau_house has been a place for debate, investigation, and documentation on contemporary art in Latin America that has brought together more than 130 art workers in a work to update our notions of use, function, and social role of art. Uberbau_house continues the activities and investigations carried out by Curatoría Forense – Latinoamérica since 2005. OPENCALL 2025 / 2026 until June 30, 2025 / apply here! What do we expect from the residency? Personalized Professional Accompaniment of Curators and Artists. Program of weekly visits by artists and curators to your workshop. Artist Workshop available for the production of Art Objects and Work Meetings. Open Studio / Final presentation in Sao Paulo, Brazil. creation of Work Networks . And also, Direct contact with one of the most active Art Scenes in Latin America , including visits to Museums, Institutions, Organizations, Art Galleries, Artist Workshops, etc. Seminars and talks that help contextualize your production. Joint design of production and circulation strategies . What will we do together? During the residency, we created a teaching-learning space, based on the exchange of experiences, organization of conceptualizations, intensive review of theoretical references, management, and production of art objects. We focus on the production processes and the materialization of dissident objects, which produce dynamics of subjectivity, citizenship, and associativity with a clear emphasis on their social, collective, and collaborative function. The residence provides those who participate: Contemporary Art Seminar (2 days). Monitoring and advice by the coordination team. Public instances of presentation and conversation about the development of your work. Free access to all Uberbau_house activities. Program of face-to-face meetings in São Paulo and online with agents from all over Latin America: artists, curators, art managers, researchers, and other relevant agents of the scene. Free access to the Ideological Reserve contemporary art library and archive. . AVAILABLE RESIDENCE PERIODS. During 2025 / 2026 we will have work periods available for the LONG TERM RESIDENCES – production Residence , with limited spaces (2 or 4 spaces, depending on the month). The available periods are: October – November 2025. January – February 2026 June – July 2026 August – September 2026 October – November 2026 Residence periods can be extended to 3 and 6 months at the participant’s request and according to the availability of the residence. > Fill out the Application Form > Contact us! OPENCALL 2025 / 2026 until June 30, 2025 / apply here! What do you need to apply? Prepare your application by previously collecting the following information and files: Complete the basic information requested in the Application Form , including Contact Information. Work Portfolio , in PDF format, where you include a biographical review, statement, images of work with a technical sheet, and a brief description. Mention events and organizations in which you have participated. What is the Participation Fee? The Residency is an autonomous and self-managed initiative, so we ask participants for a Participation Fee to cover production costs. Production Residency / 2 months: US$2,800 in 1 payment (10% discount): US$2,520 in 2 monthly payments, installment value: US$1,400 each. Letters of invitation will be extended to obtain support funds and work permits. Participation certificates will be delivered once the residency is completed. Terms and Conditions. The Participation Fee can be paid in cash or in partial installments by transfer through Western Union , credit card through PayPal, or Global66 . The residency includes: Accommodation (in a shared room), Breakfast, and use of the common spaces of Uberbau_house: kitchen, living room, laundry room, and dining room. Workshop (shared with another artist) for the production of art objects. Does not include: Transportation costs to and from the place of residence. Lunch and dinner. Group meals will be planned. Materials required for production. Due to the current situation, we offer Flexible Participation Vacancies , in case you cannot travel for any reason, and your vacancy will be reserved for a future Residency instance, without extra charges. OPENCALL 2025 / 2026 until June 30, 2025 / apply here! WORK CALENDAR Until 30 June 2025 Opencall 1 – 7 July 2025 Selection of participants 10 – 21 July 2025 Confirmation of Selected Participants OPENCALL 2025 / 2026 until June 30, 2025 / apply here! Our experience | 47 collective residences | 130 individual residences | +500 residents | 8 books | 10 fanzines | 10 informative maps | +500 articles available for free | +100 seminars in cities in 9 countries in Latin America and 8 in Europe | Our work method We propose an experimental pedagogy through instances of collective research and review of our work. Research is a tool for practical implementation. Our publications We have publications dedicated to understanding: the relationship between contemporary art and communities; the organization of artist-run centers; and how the art system works in Latin America. art object , by Nicolás Bertona (AR) related initiatives We collaborate directly with VADB, a community of Latin American art researchers, and Art Workers, an initiative focused on labor rights. In addition, we also maintain relationships, associations, and agreements with local art initiatives, organizations, institutions, and collectives in São Paulo, Latin America, and Europe. Application Form [ open form in new window ] Uberbau_house residences are members of: OPENCALL 2025 until June 30, 2025 / apply here! get in contact Please write to us and schedule an informative talk Av. Ipiranga 200, Bloco D, apto. 222. São Paulo, Brasil Whatsapp / telegram contacto@uberbau-house.org Address Uberbau_house Avenida Ipiranga 200 – Bloco D – dpt. 222 – edificio Copan. São Paulo. Brasil. Contact Need additional information? contact us at: contacto@uberbau-house.org +5511988772306 Social networks Built with BoldGrid Powered By DreamHost Special Thanks WhatsApp Hola ¿En qué podemos ayudarte? Olá, como podemos te ajudar? Hi, how can we help you? Open chat